---
page_title: "pingdirectory_alert_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Alert Handler"
description: |-
  Describes a Alert Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_alert_handler (Data Source)

Describes a Alert Handler.

Alert Handlers are used to notify administrators of significant problems or notable events that occur in the Directory Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_alert_handler" "myAlertHandler" {
  name = "MyAlertHandler"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_sync_alert_handlers)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `asynchronous` (Boolean) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`output`, `groovy-scripted`, `custom`, `error-log`, `third-party`]: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
  - `smtp`: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this SMTP Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
  - `jmx`: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this JMX Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
  - `snmp`: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this SNMP Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
  - `twilio`: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this Twilio Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
  - `snmp-sub-agent`: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this SNMP Sub Agent Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
  - `exec`: Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this Exec Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
- `command` (String) Specifies the path of the command to execute, without any arguments. It must be an absolute path for reasons of security and reliability.
- `community_name` (String) Specifies the name of the community to which the traps will be sent.
- `description` (String) A description for this Alert Handler
- `disabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are disabled for this alert handler.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Alert Handler is enabled.
- `enabled_alert_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the alert severities for which this alert handler should be used. If no values are provided, then this alert handler will be enabled for alerts with any severity.
- `enabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are enabled for this alert handler.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Alert Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Alert Handler.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+. A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Twilio service.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_monitor_data_filter` (String) Include monitor entries that match this filter.
- `long_message_behavior` (String) The behavior to use for alert messages that are longer than the 160-character size limit for SMS messages.
- `message_body` (String) Specifies the body that should be used for email messages generated by this alert handler.
- `message_subject` (String) Specifies the subject that should be used for email messages generated by this alert handler.
- `output_format` (String) The format to use when writing the alert messages.
- `output_location` (String) The location to which alert messages will be written.
- `recipient_address` (Set of String) Specifies an email address to which the messages should be sent.
- `recipient_phone_number` (Set of String) The phone number to which alert notifications should be delivered.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Alert Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Alert Handler.
- `sender_address` (String) Specifies the email address to use as the sender for messages generated by this alert handler.
- `sender_phone_number` (Set of String) The outgoing phone number to use for the messages. Values must be phone numbers you have obtained for use with your Twilio account.
- `server_host_name` (String) Specifies the address of the SNMP agent to which traps will be sent.
- `server_port` (Number) Specifies the port number of the SNMP agent to which traps will be sent.
- `twilio_account_sid` (String) The unique identifier assigned to the Twilio account that will be used.
- `twilio_auth_token` (String, Sensitive) The auth token for the Twilio account that will be used.
- `twilio_auth_token_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider that may be used to obtain the auth token for the Twilio account that will be used.
- `type` (String) The type of Alert Handler resource. Options are ['output', 'smtp', 'jmx', 'groovy-scripted', 'custom', 'snmp', 'twilio', 'error-log', 'snmp-sub-agent', 'exec', 'third-party']

