---
page_title: "pingdirectory_attribute_syntax Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Attribute Syntax"
description: |-
  Describes a Attribute Syntax.
---

# pingdirectory_attribute_syntax (Data Source)

Describes a Attribute Syntax.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_attribute_syntax" "myAttributeSyntax" {
  name = "MyAttributeSyntax"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `allow_zero_length_values` (Boolean) Indicates whether zero-length (that is, an empty string) values are allowed.
- `enable_compaction` (Boolean) Indicates whether values of attributes with this syntax should be compacted when stored in a local DB database.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Attribute Syntax is enabled.
- `exclude_attribute_from_compaction` (Set of String) Specifies the specific attributes (which should be associated with this syntax) whose values should not be compacted. If one or more exclude attributes are specified, then values of those attributes will not have their values compacted. This property takes precedence over the include-attribute-in-compaction property.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_attribute_in_compaction` (Set of String) Specifies the specific attributes (which should be associated with this syntax) whose values should be compacted. If one or more include attributes are specified, then only those attributes will have their values compacted. If not set then all attributes will have their values compacted. The exclude-attribute-from-compaction property takes precedence over this property.
- `require_binary_transfer` (Boolean) Indicates whether values of this attribute are required to have a "binary" transfer option as described in RFC 4522. Attributes with this syntax will generally be referenced with names including ";binary" (e.g., "userCertificate;binary").
- `strict_format` (Boolean) When the `type` attribute is set to `telephone-number`: Indicates whether to require telephone number values to strictly comply with the standard definition for this syntax. When the `type` attribute is set to `ldap-url`: Indicates whether values for attributes with this syntax will be required to be in the valid LDAP URL format. If this is set to false, then arbitrary strings will be allowed.
- `strip_syntax_min_upper_bound` (Boolean) Indicates whether the suggested minimum upper bound appended to an attribute's syntax OID in its schema definition Attribute Type Description should be stripped.
- `type` (String) The type of Attribute Syntax resource. Options are ['attribute-type-description', 'directory-string', 'telephone-number', 'distinguished-name', 'generalized-time', 'integer', 'uuid', 'generic', 'json-object', 'user-password', 'boolean', 'hex-string', 'bit-string', 'ldap-url', 'name-and-optional-uid']

