---
page_title: "pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Correlated Ldap Data View"
description: |-
  Describes a Correlated Ldap Data View.
---

# pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view (Data Source)

Describes a Correlated Ldap Data View.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view" "myCorrelatedLdapDataView" {
  name                    = "MyCorrelatedLdapDataView"
  scim_resource_type_name = "MyScimResourceType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `scim_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent SCIM Resource Type

### Read-Only

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `create_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies the template to use for the DN when creating new entries.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory that can be accessed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `include_operational_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the set of operational LDAP attributes to be provided by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `primary_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the parent SCIM Resource Type whose value will be used to match objects in the Correlated LDAP Data View. If multiple correlation attributes are required they may be created using additional correlation-attribute-pairs.
- `secondary_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the Correlated LDAP Data View whose value will be matched with the primary-correlation-attribute. If multiple correlation attributes are required they may be specified by creating additional correlation-attribute-pairs.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `type` (String) The type of Correlated LDAP Data View resource. Options are ['correlated-ldap-data-view']

