---
page_title: "pingdirectory_delegated_admin_attribute Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Delegated Admin Attribute"
description: |-
  Describes a Delegated Admin Attribute.
---

# pingdirectory_delegated_admin_attribute (Data Source)

Describes a Delegated Admin Attribute.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_delegated_admin_attribute" "myDelegatedAdminAttribute" {
  rest_resource_type_name = "MyRestResourceType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_type` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the LDAP attribute type.
- `rest_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent REST Resource Type

### Read-Only

- `allowed_mime_type` (Set of String) The list of file types allowed to be uploaded. If no types are specified, then all types will be allowed.
- `attribute_category` (String) Specifies which attribute category this attribute belongs to.
- `attribute_presentation` (String) Indicates how the attribute is presented to the user of the app.
- `date_time_format` (String) Specifies the format string that is used to present a date and/or time value to the user of the app. This property only applies to LDAP attribute types whose LDAP syntax is GeneralizedTime and is ignored if the attribute type has any other syntax.
- `description` (String) A description for this Delegated Admin Attribute
- `display_name` (String) A human readable display name for this Delegated Admin Attribute.
- `display_order_index` (Number) This property determines a display order for attributes within a given attribute category. Attributes are ordered within their category based on this index from least to greatest.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `include_in_summary` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Delegated Admin Attribute is to be included in the summary display for a resource.
- `multi_valued` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Delegated Admin Attribute may have multiple values.
- `mutability` (String) Specifies the circumstances under which the values of the attribute can be written.
- `reference_resource_type` (String) For LDAP attributes with DN syntax, specifies what kind of resource is referenced.
- `type` (String) The type of Delegated Admin Attribute resource. Options are ['certificate', 'photo', 'generic']

