---
page_title: "pingdirectory_extended_operation_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Extended Operation Handler"
description: |-
  Describes a Extended Operation Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_extended_operation_handler (Data Source)

Describes a Extended Operation Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_extended_operation_handler" "myExtendedOperationHandler" {
  name = "MyExtendedOperationHandler"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `adjacent_intervals_to_check` (Number) The number of adjacent time intervals (both before and after the current time) that should be checked when performing authentication.
- `allow_remotely_provided_certificates` (Boolean) Indicates whether clients should be allowed to directly provide a new listener or inter-server certificate chain in the extended request.
- `allowed_operation` (Set of String) The types of replace certificate operations that clients will be allowed to request.
- `connection_criteria` (String) A set of criteria that client connections must satisfy before they will be allowed to request the associated extended operations.
- `default_otp_delivery_mechanism` (Set of String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `single-use-tokens`: The set of delivery mechanisms that may be used to deliver single-use tokens to users in requests that do not specify one or more preferred delivery mechanisms.
  - `deliver-otp`: The set of delivery mechanisms that may be used to deliver one-time passwords to users in requests that do not specify one or more preferred delivery mechanisms.
- `default_password_generator` (String) The default password generator that will be used if the selected password policy is not configured with a password generator.
- `default_password_policy` (String) The default password policy that should be used when generating and validating passwords if the request does not specify an alternate policy. If this is not provided, then this Generate Password Extended Operation Handler will use the default password policy defined in the global configuration.
- `default_single_use_token_validity_duration` (String) The default length of time that a single-use token will be considered valid by the server if the client doesn't specify a duration in the deliver single-use token request.
- `default_token_delivery_mechanism` (Set of String) The set of delivery mechanisms that may be used to deliver password reset tokens to users for requests that do not specify one or more preferred delivery mechanisms.
- `description` (String) A description for this Extended Operation Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Operation Handler is enabled (that is, whether the types of extended operations are allowed in the server).
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Extended Operation Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Extended Operation Handler.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identity_mapper` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `password-modify`: Specifies the name of the identity mapper that should be used in conjunction with the password modify extended operation.
  - `deliver-otp`: The identity mapper that should be used to identify the user(s) targeted by the authentication identity contained in the extended request. This will only be used for "u:"-style authentication identities.
- `maximum_passwords_per_request` (Number) The maximum number of passwords that may be generated and returned to the client for a single request.
- `maximum_validation_attempts_per_password` (Number) The maximum number of attempts that the server may use to generate a password that passes validation.
- `password_generator` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `single-use-tokens`: The password generator that will be used to create the single-use token values to be delivered to the end user.
  - `deliver-password-reset-token`: The password generator that will be used to create the password reset token values to be delivered to the end user.
  - `deliver-otp`: The password generator that will be used to create the one-time password values to be delivered to the end user.
- `password_reset_token_validity_duration` (String) The maximum length of time that a password reset token should be considered valid.
- `prevent_totp_reuse` (Boolean) Indicates whether to prevent clients from re-using TOTP passwords.
- `request_criteria` (String) A set of criteria that the extended requests must satisfy before they will be processed by the server.
- `shared_secret_attribute_type` (String) The name or OID of the attribute that will be used to hold the shared secret key used during TOTP processing.
- `time_interval_duration` (String) The duration of the time interval used for TOTP processing.
- `type` (String) The type of Extended Operation Handler resource. Options are ['cancel', 'validate-totp-password', 'replace-certificate', 'get-connection-id', 'multi-update', 'notification-subscription', 'password-modify', 'custom', 'collect-support-data', 'export-reversible-passwords', 'batched-transactions', 'get-changelog-batch', 'get-supported-otp-delivery-mechanisms', 'single-use-tokens', 'generate-password', 'who-am-i', 'start-tls', 'deliver-password-reset-token', 'password-policy-state', 'get-password-quality-requirements', 'deliver-otp', 'third-party']

