---
page_title: "pingdirectory_gauge_data_source Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Gauge Data Source"
description: |-
  Describes a Gauge Data Source.
---

# pingdirectory_gauge_data_source (Data Source)

Describes a Gauge Data Source.

A Gauge Data Source defines the source of gauge data obtained from the monitor backend.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_gauge_data_source" "myGaugeDataSource" {
  name = "MyGaugeDataSource"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `additional_text` (String) Additional information about the source of this data that is added to alerts sent as a result of gauges that use this Gauge Data Source.
- `data_orientation` (String) Indicates whether a higher or lower value is a more severe condition.
- `description` (String) A description for this Gauge Data Source
- `divide_value_by` (Number) An optional floating point value that can be used to scale the resulting value.
- `divide_value_by_attribute` (String) An optional property that can scale the resulting value by another attribute in the monitored entry.
- `divide_value_by_counter_attribute` (String) An optional property that can scale the resulting value by another attribute whose value represents a counter in the monitored entry.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_filter` (String) An optional LDAP filter that can be used restrict which monitor entries are used to compute output.
- `minimum_update_interval` (String) The minimum frequency with which gauges using this Gauge Data Source can be configured for update. In order to prevent undesirable side effects, some Gauge Data Sources may use this property to impose a higher bound on the update frequency of gauges.
- `monitor_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute on the monitor entries from which to derive the current gauge value.
- `monitor_objectclass` (String) The object class name of the monitor entries to examine for generating gauge data.
- `resource_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute whose value is used to identify the specific resource being monitored (e.g. device name).
- `resource_type` (String) A string indicating the type of resource being monitored.
- `statistic_type` (String) Specifies the type of statistic to include in the output for the monitored attribute.
- `type` (String) The type of Gauge Data Source resource. Options are ['indicator', 'numeric']

