---
page_title: "pingdirectory_id_token_validator Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Id Token Validator"
description: |-
  Describes a Id Token Validator.
---

# pingdirectory_id_token_validator (Data Source)

Describes a Id Token Validator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_id_token_validator" "myIdTokenValidator" {
  name = "MyIdTokenValidator"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_signing_algorithm` (Set of String) Specifies an allow list of JWT signing algorithms that will be accepted by the OpenID Connect ID Token Validator.
- `clock_skew_grace_period` (String) Specifies the amount of clock skew that is tolerated by the ID Token Validator when evaluating whether a token is within its valid time interval. The duration specified by this parameter will be subtracted from the token's not-before (nbf) time and added to the token's expiration (exp) time, if present, to allow for any time difference between the local server's clock and the token issuer's clock.
- `description` (String) A description for this ID Token Validator
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this ID Token Validator is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `evaluation_order_index` (Number) When multiple ID Token Validators are defined for a single Directory Server, this property determines the order in which the ID Token Validators are consulted. Values of this property must be unique among all ID Token Validators defined within Directory Server but not necessarily contiguous. ID Token Validators with lower values will be evaluated first to determine if they are able to validate the ID token.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the Identity Mapper that should be used to correlate an ID token subject value to a user entry. The claim name from which to obtain the subject (i.e. the currently logged-in user) may be configured using the subject-claim-name property.
- `issuer_url` (String) Specifies a PingOne base issuer URL.
- `jwks_cache_duration` (String) How often the ID Token Validator should refresh its cache of JWKS token signing keys.
- `jwks_endpoint_path` (String) The relative path to the JWKS endpoint from which to retrieve one or more public signing keys that may be used to validate the signature of an incoming ID token. This path is relative to the base_url property defined for the validator's OpenID Connect provider. If jwks-endpoint-path is specified, the OpenID Connect ID Token Validator will not consult locally stored certificates for validating token signatures.
- `openid_connect_metadata_cache_duration` (String) How often the PingOne ID Token Validator should refresh its stored cache of OpenID Connect-related metadata.
- `openid_connect_provider` (String) Specifies HTTPS connection settings for the PingOne OpenID Connect provider.
- `signing_certificate` (Set of String) Specifies the locally stored certificates that may be used to validate the signature of an incoming ID token. This property may be specified if a JWKS endpoint should not be used to retrieve public signing keys.
- `subject_claim_name` (String) The name of the token claim that contains the subject; i.e., the authenticated user.
- `type` (String) The type of ID Token Validator resource. Options are ['ping-one', 'openid-connect']

