---
page_title: "pingdirectory_identity_mapper Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Identity Mapper"
description: |-
  Describes a Identity Mapper.
---

# pingdirectory_identity_mapper (Data Source)

Describes a Identity Mapper.

Identity Mappers are responsible for establishing a mapping between an identifier string provided by a client, and the entry for the user that corresponds to that identifier. Identity Mappers are used to process several SASL mechanisms to map an authorization ID (e.g., a Kerberos principal when using GSSAPI) to a directory user. They are also used when processing requests with the proxied authorization control.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_identity_mapper" "myIdentityMapper" {
  name = "MyIdentityMapper"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_cs_config_identity_mapper)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `all_included_identity_mapper` (Set of String) The set of identity mappers that must all match the target entry. Each identity mapper must uniquely match the same target entry. If any of the identity mappers match multiple entries, if any of them match zero entries, or if any of them match different entries, then the mapping will fail.
- `any_included_identity_mapper` (Set of String) The set of identity mappers that will be used to identify the target entry. At least one identity mapper must uniquely match an entry. If multiple identity mappers match entries, then they must all uniquely match the same entry. If none of the identity mappers match any entries, if any of them match multiple entries, or if any of them match different entries, then the mapping will fail.
- `description` (String) A description for this Identity Mapper
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Identity Mapper is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Identity Mapper. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Identity Mapper.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `match_attribute` (Set of String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `exact-match`: Specifies the attribute whose value should exactly match the ID string provided to this identity mapper.
  - `regular-expression`: Specifies the name or OID of the attribute whose value should match the provided identifier string after it has been processed by the associated regular expression.
- `match_base_dn` (Set of String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `exact-match`: Specifies the set of base DNs below which to search for users.
  - `regular-expression`: Specifies the base DN(s) that should be used when performing searches to map the provided ID string to a user entry. If multiple values are given, searches are performed below all the specified base DNs.
- `match_filter` (String) An optional filter that mapped users must match.
- `match_pattern` (String) Specifies the regular expression pattern that is used to identify portions of the ID string that will be replaced.
- `replace_pattern` (String) Specifies the replacement pattern that should be used for substrings in the ID string that match the provided regular expression pattern.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Identity Mapper. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Identity Mapper.
- `type` (String) The type of Identity Mapper resource. Options are ['exact-match', 'groovy-scripted', 'regular-expression', 'aggregate', 'third-party']

