---
page_title: "pingdirectory_key_pair Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Key Pair"
description: |-
  Describes a Key Pair.
---

# pingdirectory_key_pair (Data Source)

Describes a Key Pair.

The Key Pair represents a public-private key pair that may be used to provide credentials for digital signatures and public-key encryption. An administrator may either import an existing key-pair or have the system generate a new one.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_key_pair" "myKeyPair" {
  name = "MyKeyPair"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_chain` (String) The PEM-encoded X.509 certificate chain.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The algorithm name and the length in bits of the key, e.g. RSA_2048.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The base64-encoded private key that is encrypted using the preferred encryption settings definition.
- `self_signed_certificate_validity` (String) The validity period for a self-signed certificate. If not specified, the self-signed certificate will be valid for approximately 20 years. This is not used when importing an existing key-pair. The system will not automatically rotate expired certificates. It is up to the administrator to do that when that happens.
- `subject_dn` (String) The DN that should be used as the subject for the self-signed certificate and certificate signing request. This is not used when importing an existing key-pair.
- `type` (String) The type of Key Pair resource. Options are ['key-pair']

