---
page_title: "pingdirectory_mac_secret_key Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Mac Secret Key"
description: |-
  Describes a Mac Secret Key.
---

# pingdirectory_mac_secret_key (Data Source)

Describes a Mac Secret Key.

The Mac Secret Key represents a message authentication code (MAC) used to verify data integrity and authentication of messages. For example, the Mac Secret Keys are used for backups, LDIF exports and signed log files.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_mac_secret_key" "myMacSecretKey" {
  name                 = "MyMacSecretKey"
  server_instance_name = "MyServerInstance"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `server_instance_name` (String) Name of the parent Server Instance

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_compromised` (Boolean) If the key is compromised, an administrator may set this flag to immediately trigger the creation of a new secret key. After the new key is generated, the value of this property will be reset to false.
- `key_id` (String) The unique system-generated identifier for the Secret Key.
- `key_length_bits` (Number) The length of the key in bits.
- `mac_algorithm_name` (String) The algorithm name used to generate this MAC key, e.g. HmacMD5, HmacSHA1, HMacSHA256, etc.
- `symmetric_key` (Set of String) The symmetric key that is used for both encryption of plain text and decryption of cipher text. This stores the secret key for each server instance encrypted with that server's inter-server certificate.
- `type` (String) The type of Mac Secret Key resource. Options are ['mac-secret-key']

