---
page_title: "pingdirectory_passphrase_provider Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Passphrase Provider"
description: |-
  Describes a Passphrase Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_passphrase_provider (Data Source)

Describes a Passphrase Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_passphrase_provider" "myPassphraseProvider" {
  name = "MyPassphraseProvider"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `aws_external_server` (String) The external server with information to use when interacting with the AWS Secrets Manager.
- `azure_authentication_method` (String) The mechanism used to authenticate to the Azure service.
- `conjur_external_server` (String) An external server definition with information needed to connect and authenticate to the Conjur instance containing the passphrase.
- `conjur_secret_relative_path` (String) The portion of the path that follows the account name in the URI needed to obtain the desired secret. Any special characters in the path must be URL-encoded.
- `description` (String) A description for this Passphrase Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Passphrase Provider is enabled for use in the server.
- `environment_variable` (String) The name of the environment variable that is expected to hold the passphrase.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Passphrase Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Passphrase Provider.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Azure service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_vault_uri` (String) The URI that identifies the Azure Key Vault from which the secret is to be retrieved.
- `max_cache_duration` (String) The maximum length of time that the passphrase provider may cache the passphrase that has been read from Vault. A value of zero seconds indicates that the provider should always attempt to read the passphrase from Vault.
- `obscured_value` (String, Sensitive) The value to be stored in an obscured form.
- `password_file` (String) The path to the file containing the passphrase.
- `secret_field_name` (String) The name of the JSON field whose value is the passphrase that will be retrieved.
- `secret_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) or the user-friendly name of the secret to be retrieved.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret to retrieve.
- `secret_version_id` (String) The unique identifier for the version of the secret to be retrieved.
- `secret_version_stage` (String) The staging label for the version of the secret to be retrieved.
- `type` (String) The type of Passphrase Provider resource. Options are ['environment-variable', 'amazon-secrets-manager', 'obscured-value', 'azure-key-vault', 'file-based', 'conjur', 'vault', 'third-party']
- `vault_external_server` (String) An external server definition with information needed to connect and authenticate to the Vault instance containing the passphrase.
- `vault_secret_field_name` (String) The name of the field in the Vault secret record that contains the passphrase to use to generate the encryption key.
- `vault_secret_path` (String) The path to the desired secret in the Vault service. This will be appended to the value of the base-url property for the associated Vault external server.

