---
page_title: "pingdirectory_plugin_root Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Plugin Root"
description: |-
  Describes a Plugin Root.
---

# pingdirectory_plugin_root (Data Source)

Describes a Plugin Root.

The Plugin Root defines the parent entry for all plug-ins defined in the server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_plugin_root" "myPluginRoot" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `plugin_order_intermediate_response` (String) Specifies the order in which intermediate response plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_ldif_export` (String) Specifies the order in which LDIF export plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_ldif_import` (String) Specifies the order in which LDIF import plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_connect` (String) Specifies the order in which post-connect plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_disconnect` (String) Specifies the order in which post-disconnect plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_abandon` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation abandon plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_add` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_search` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_unbind` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation unbind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_add` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_search` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_add` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_add` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_search` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_abandon` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse abandon plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_add` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_search` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_unbind` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse unbind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_search_result_entry` (String) Specifies the order in which search result entry plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_search_result_reference` (String) Specifies the order in which search result reference plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_shutdown` (String) Specifies the order in which shutdown plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_startup` (String) Specifies the order in which startup plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_subordinate_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which subordinate modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `type` (String) The type of Plugin Root resource. Options are ['plugin-root']

