---
page_title: "pingdirectory_post_ldif_export_task_processor Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Post Ldif Export Task Processor"
description: |-
  Describes a Post Ldif Export Task Processor. Supported in PingDirectory product version 10.0.0.0+.
---

# pingdirectory_post_ldif_export_task_processor (Data Source)

Describes a Post Ldif Export Task Processor. Supported in PingDirectory product version 10.0.0.0+.

Post LDIF Export Task Processors may be used to cause the server to invoke custom processing after completing the core processing for an LDIF export administrative task (including those invoked as part of a recurring task). They will not be invoked for standalone LDIF exports that are not started as an administrative task. The Post LDIF Export Task Processor must not delete, move, rename, or otherwise alter the resulting LDIF file in any way.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_post_ldif_export_task_processor" "myPostLdifExportTaskProcessor" {
  id = "MyPostLdifExportTaskProcessor"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `aws_external_server` (String) The external server with information to use when interacting with the AWS S3 service.
- `description` (String) A description for this Post LDIF Export Task Processor
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Post LDIF Export Task Processor is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Post LDIF Export Task Processor. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Post LDIF Export Task Processor.
- `file_retention_pattern` (String) A regular expression pattern that will be used to identify which files are candidates for automatic removal based on the maximum-file-count-to-retain and maximum-file-age-to-retain properties. By default, all files in the bucket will be eligible for removal by retention processing.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maximum_concurrent_transfer_connections` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent connections that may be used when transferring data to or from S3.
- `maximum_file_age_to_retain` (String) The maximum length of time to retain files matching the file retention pattern that should be retained in the S3 bucket after successfully uploading a newly exported file.
- `maximum_file_count_to_retain` (Number) The maximum number of existing files matching the file retention pattern that should be retained in the S3 bucket after successfully uploading a newly exported file.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket into which LDIF files should be copied.
- `target_throughput_in_megabits_per_second` (Number) The target throughput to attempt to achieve for data transfers to or from S3, in megabits per second.
- `type` (String) The type of Post LDIF Export Task Processor resource. Options are ['upload-to-s3', 'third-party']

