---
page_title: "pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Replication Assurance Policy"
description: |-
  Describes a Replication Assurance Policy.
---

# pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy (Data Source)

Describes a Replication Assurance Policy.

A Replication Assurance Policy is used to specify the local and remote replication assurance levels and a timeout to use for update operations. Optionally, request and connection criteria can be configured in the policy to allow matching a policy to requests that satisfy such criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy" "myReplicationAssurancePolicy" {
  name = "MyReplicationAssurancePolicy"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_assured_replication)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a connection criteria used to indicate which operations from clients matching this criteria use this policy. If both a connection criteria and a request criteria are specified for a policy, then both must match an operation for the policy to be assigned.
- `description` (String) Description of the Replication Assurance Policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Replication Assurance Policy is enabled for use in the server. If a Replication Assurance Policy is disabled, then no new operations will be associated with it.
- `evaluation_order_index` (Number) When multiple Replication Assurance Policies are defined, this property determines the evaluation order for finding a Replication Assurance Policy match against an operation. Policies are evaluated based on this index from least to greatest. Values of this property must be unique but not necessarily contiguous.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `local_level` (String) Specifies the assurance level used to replicate to local servers. A local server is defined as one with the same value for the location setting in the global configuration.  The local-level must be set to an assurance level at least as strict as the remote-level. In other words, if remote-level is set to "received-any-remote-location" or "received-all-remote-locations", then local-level must be either "received-any-server" or "processed-all-servers". If remote-level is "processed-all-remote-servers", then local-level must be "processed-all-servers".
- `remote_level` (String) Specifies the assurance level used to replicate to remote servers. A remote server is defined as one with a different value for the location setting in the global configuration.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a request criteria used to indicate which operations from clients matching this criteria use this policy. If both a connection criteria and a request criteria are specified for a policy, then both must match an operation for the policy to be assigned.
- `timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for the replication assurance requirements to be met before timing out and replying to the client.
- `type` (String) The type of Replication Assurance Policy resource. Options are ['replication-assurance-policy']

