---
page_title: "pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sasl Mechanism Handler"
description: |-
  Describes a Sasl Mechanism Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler (Data Source)

Describes a Sasl Mechanism Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler" "mySaslMechanismHandler" {
  id = "MySaslMechanismHandler"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Read-Only

- `access_token_validator` (Set of String) An access token validator that will ensure that each presented OAuth access token is authentic and trustworthy. It must be configured with an identity mapper that will be used to map the access token to a local entry.
- `adjacent_intervals_to_check` (Number) The number of adjacent time intervals (both before and after the current time) that should be checked when performing authentication.
- `all_required_scope` (Set of String) The set of OAuth scopes that will all be required for any access tokens that will be allowed for authentication.
- `allow_null_server_fqdn` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to allow a null value for the server-fqdn.
- `allowed_quality_of_protection` (Set of String) Specifies the supported quality of protection (QoP) levels that clients will be permitted to request when performing GSSAPI authentication.
- `alternate_authorization_identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that will be used to map an alternate authorization identity (provided in the GS2 header of the encoded OAUTHBEARER bind request credentials) to the corresponding local entry.
- `any_required_scope` (Set of String) The set of OAuth scopes that a token may have to be allowed for authentication.
- `certificate_attribute` (String) Specifies the name of the attribute to hold user certificates.
- `certificate_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the certificate mapper that should be used to match client certificates to user entries.
- `certificate_validation_policy` (String) Indicates whether to attempt to validate the peer certificate against a certificate held in the user's entry.
- `description` (String) A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler
- `enable_debug` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable debugging for the Java GSSAPI provider. Debug information will be written to standard output, which should be captured in the server.out log file.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler.
- `gssapi_role` (String) Specifies the role that should be declared for the server in the generated JAAS configuration file.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the YubiKey validation service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `id_token_validator` (Set of String) An ID token validator that will ensure that each presented OpenID Connect ID token is authentic and trustworthy, and that will map the token to a local entry.
- `identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that should be used to identify the entry associated with the username provided in the bind request.
- `jaas_config_file` (String) Specifies the path to a JAAS (Java Authentication and Authorization Service) configuration file that provides the information that the JVM should use for Kerberos processing.
- `kdc_address` (String) Specifies the address of the KDC that is to be used for Kerberos processing.
- `kerberos_service_principal` (String) Specifies the Kerberos service principal that the Directory Server will use to identify itself to the KDC.
- `key_manager_provider` (String) Specifies which key manager provider should be used to obtain a client certificate to present to the validation server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if communication will not be secured with HTTPS, or if there is no need to present a client certificate to the validation service.
- `keytab` (String) Specifies the keytab file that should be used for Kerberos processing.
- `otp_validity_duration` (String) The maximum length of time that a one-time password value should be considered valid.
- `prevent_totp_reuse` (Boolean) Indicates whether to prevent clients from re-using TOTP passwords.
- `realm` (String) Specifies the realm that is to be used by the server for DIGEST-MD5 authentication.
- `require_both_access_token_and_id_token` (Boolean) Indicates whether bind requests will be required to have both an OAuth access token (in the "auth" element of the bind request) and an OpenID Connect ID token (in the "pingidentityidtoken" element of the bind request).
- `require_static_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to require a static password (as might be held in the userPassword attribute, or whatever password attribute is defined in the password policy governing the user) in addition to the one-time password.
- `server_fqdn` (String) Specifies the DNS-resolvable fully-qualified domain name for the server that is used when validating the digest-uri parameter during the authentication process.
- `shared_secret_attribute_type` (String) The name or OID of the attribute that will be used to hold the shared secret key used during TOTP processing.
- `time_interval_duration` (String) The duration of the time interval used for TOTP processing.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) Specifies which trust manager provider should be used to determine whether to trust the certificate presented by the server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if HTTPS communication is not needed, or if the validation service presents a certificate that is trusted by the default JVM configuration (which should be the case for the validation servers that Yubico provides, but may not be the case if an alternate validation server is configured).
- `type` (String) The type of SASL Mechanism Handler resource. Options are ['unboundid-ms-chap-v2', 'unboundid-totp', 'unboundid-yubikey-otp', 'external', 'digest-md5', 'plain', 'unboundid-delivered-otp', 'unboundid-external-auth', 'anonymous', 'cram-md5', 'oauth-bearer', 'unboundid-certificate-plus-password', 'gssapi', 'third-party']
- `validate_access_token_when_id_token_is_also_provided` (String) Indicates whether to validate the OAuth access token in addition to the OpenID Connect ID token in OAUTHBEARER bind requests that contain both types of tokens.
- `yubikey_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key needed to verify signatures generated by the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/.
- `yubikey_api_key_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the API key needed to verify signatures generated by the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/.
- `yubikey_client_id` (String) The client ID to include in requests to the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/.
- `yubikey_validation_server_base_url` (Set of String) The base URL of the validation server to use to verify one-time passwords. You should only need to change the value if you wish to use your own validation server instead of using one of the Yubico servers. The server must use the YubiKey Validation Protocol version 2.0.

