---
page_title: "pingdirectory_search_entry_criteria Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Search Entry Criteria"
description: |-
  Describes a Search Entry Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_search_entry_criteria (Data Source)

Describes a Search Entry Criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_search_entry_criteria" "mySearchEntryCriteria" {
  name = "MySearchEntryCriteria"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `all_included_entry_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that must be present in search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the entry must contain all of those controls.
- `all_included_entry_filter` (Set of String) Specifies a search filter that must match search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. Note that this matching will be performed against the entry that is actually returned to the client and may not reflect the complete entry stored in the server. If any filters are provided, then the returned entry must match all of those filters.
- `all_included_entry_group_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the DN of a group in which the user associated with the entry must be a member to be included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any group DNs are provided, then the entry must be a member of all of them.
- `all_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that must match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more all-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must match all of them in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `any_included_entry_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that may be present in search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the entry must contain at least one of those controls.
- `any_included_entry_filter` (Set of String) Specifies a search filter that may match search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. Note that this matching will be performed against the entry that is actually returned to the client and may not reflect the complete entry stored in the server. If any filters are provided, then the entry must match at least one of those filters.
- `any_included_entry_group_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the DN of a group in which the user associated with the entry may be a member to be included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any group DNs are provided, then the entry must be a member of at least one of them.
- `any_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that may match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more any-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must match at least one of them in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `description` (String) A description for this Search Entry Criteria
- `excluded_entry_base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies a base DN below which entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria may not exist.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Search Entry Criteria. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Search Entry Criteria.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `included_entry_base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies a base DN below which entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria may exist.
- `none_included_entry_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that must not be present in search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the entry must not contain any of those controls.
- `none_included_entry_filter` (Set of String) Specifies a search filter that must not match search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. Note that this matching will be performed against the entry that is actually returned to the client and may not reflect the complete entry stored in the server. If any filters are provided, then the entry must not match any of those filters.
- `none_included_entry_group_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the DN of a group in which the user associated with the entry must not be a member to be included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any group DNs are provided, then the entry must not be a member of any of them.
- `none_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that must not match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more none-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must not match any of them in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `not_all_included_entry_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that should not be present in search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the entry must not contain at least one of those controls (that is, it may contain zero or more of those controls, but not all of them).
- `not_all_included_entry_filter` (Set of String) Specifies a search filter that should not match search result entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. Note that this matching will be performed against the entry that is actually returned to the client and may not reflect the complete entry stored in the server. If any filters are provided, then the entry must not match at least one of those filters (that is, the entry may match zero or more of those filters, but not of all of them).
- `not_all_included_entry_group_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the DN of a group in which the user associated with the entry should not be a member to be included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. If any group DNs are provided, then the entry must not be a member of at least one of them (that is, the entry may be a member of zero or more of the specified groups, but not of all of them).
- `not_all_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that should not match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more not-all-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must not match all of them (that is, it may match zero or more of them, but it must not match all of them) in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a request criteria object that must match the associated request for entries included in this Simple Search Entry Criteria. of them.
- `type` (String) The type of Search Entry Criteria resource. Options are ['simple', 'aggregate', 'third-party']

