---
page_title: "pingdirectory_server_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Server Instance"
description: |-
  Describes a Server Instance.
---

# pingdirectory_server_instance (Data Source)

Describes a Server Instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_server_instance" "myServerInstance" {
  id = "MyServerInstance"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Read-Only

- `base_dn` (Set of String) The set of base DNs under the root DSE.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to which this Server Instance belongs. Server instances within the same cluster will share the same cluster-wide configuration.
- `hostname` (String) The name of the host where this Server Instance is installed.
- `http_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for HTTP connections.
- `https_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for HTTPS connections.
- `inter_server_certificate` (String) The public component of the certificate used by this instance to protect inter-server communication and to perform server-specific encryption. This will generally be managed by the server and should only be altered by administrators under explicit direction from Ping Identity support personnel.
- `jmx_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for JMX connections.
- `jmxs_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for JMX secure connections.
- `ldap_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for LDAP connections.
- `ldaps_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for LDAP secure connections.
- `load_balancing_algorithm_name` (Set of String) The name of the configuration object for a load-balancing algorithm that should include this server.
- `member_of_server_group` (Set of String) The set of groups of which this server is a member.
- `preferred_security` (String) Specifies the preferred mechanism to use for securing connections to the server.
- `replication_domain_server_id` (Set of Number) Specifies a unique identifier for the Directory Server within the replication domain.
- `replication_port` (Number) The replication TCP port.
- `replication_server_id` (Number) Specifies a unique identifier for the replication server on this server instance.
- `replication_set_name` (String) The name of the replication set assigned to this Directory Server. Restricted domains are only replicated within instances using the same replication set name.
- `server_instance_location` (String) Specifies the location for the Server Instance.
- `server_instance_name` (String) The name of this Server Instance. The instance name needs to be unique if this server will be part of a topology of servers that are connected to each other. Once set, it may not be changed.
- `server_instance_type` (String) Specifies the type of server installation.
- `server_root` (String) The file system path where this Server Instance is installed.
- `server_version` (String) The version of the server.
- `start_tls_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether StartTLS is enabled on this server.
- `type` (String) The type of Server Instance resource. Options are ['proxy', 'metrics-engine', 'authorize', 'directory', 'sync']

