---
page_title: "pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Trust Manager Provider"
description: |-
  Describes a Trust Manager Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider (Data Source)

Describes a Trust Manager Provider.

Trust Manager Providers determine whether to trust presented certificates.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider" "myTrustManagerProvider" {
  name = "MyTrustManagerProvider"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_key_trust_mgr_providers)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `enable_trust_manager_caching` (Boolean) Supported in PingDirectory product version 10.2.0.0+. Indicates whether trust manager providers should cache trust managers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the Trust Manager Provider is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Trust Manager Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Trust Manager Provider.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_jvm_default_issuers` (Boolean) Indicates whether certificates issued by an authority included in the JVM's set of default issuers should be automatically trusted, even if they would not otherwise be trusted by this provider.
- `trust_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the file containing the trust information. It can be an absolute path or a path that is relative to the Directory Server instance root.
- `trust_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_file` (String) Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the trust store file.
- `type` (String) The type of Trust Manager Provider resource. Options are ['blind', 'file-based', 'jvm-default', 'third-party']

