---
page_title: "pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Uncached Entry Criteria"
description: |-
  Describes a Uncached Entry Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria (Data Source)

Describes a Uncached Entry Criteria.

Uncached Entry Criteria objects are used to indicate which entries should be stored in the uncached-id2entry database (rather than the id2entry database) in order to reduce the amount of memory required to cache them.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria" "myUncachedEntryCriteria" {
  name = "MyUncachedEntryCriteria"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_uncached_attrs_entries)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Read-Only

- `access_time_threshold` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that has passed since an entry was last accessed that it should still be included in the id2entry database. Entries that have not been accessed in more than this length of time may be written into the uncached-id2entry database.
- `description` (String) A description for this Uncached Entry Criteria
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Uncached Entry Criteria is enabled for use in the server.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Uncached Entry Criteria. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Uncached Entry Criteria.
- `filter` (String) Specifies the search filter that should be used to differentiate entries into cached and uncached sets.
- `filter_identifies_uncached_entries` (Boolean) Indicates whether the associated filter identifies those entries which should be stored in the uncached-id2entry database (if true) or entries which should be stored in the id2entry database (if false).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Uncached Entry Criteria. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Uncached Entry Criteria.
- `type` (String) The type of Uncached Entry Criteria resource. Options are ['default', 'last-access-time', 'filter-based', 'groovy-scripted', 'third-party']

