---
page_title: "pingdirectory_web_application_extension Data Source - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Web Application Extension"
description: |-
  Describes a Web Application Extension.
---

# pingdirectory_web_application_extension (Data Source)

Describes a Web Application Extension.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

data "pingdirectory_web_application_extension" "myWebApplicationExtension" {
  id = "MyWebApplicationExtension"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Read-Only

- `base_context_path` (String) Specifies the base context path that should be used by HTTP clients to reference content. The value must start with a forward slash and at least one additional character and must represent a valid HTTP context path.
- `complexity` (String) Specifies the maximum complexity level for managed configuration elements.
- `deployment_descriptor_file` (String) Specifies the path to the deployment descriptor file when used with document-root-directory.
- `description` (String) A description for this Web Application Extension
- `document_root_directory` (String) Specifies the path to the directory on the local filesystem containing the files to be served by this Web Application Extension. The path must exist, and it must be a directory.
- `init_parameter` (Set of String) Specifies an initialization parameter to pass into the web application during startup.
- `ldap_server` (String) The LDAP URL used to connect to the managed server.
- `log_file` (String) The path to the log file for the web application.
- `oidc_client_id` (String) The client ID to use when authenticating to the OpenID Connect provider.
- `oidc_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret to use when authenticating to the OpenID Connect provider.
- `oidc_client_secret_passphrase_provider` (String) A passphrase provider that may be used to obtain the client secret to use when authenticating to the OpenID Connect provider.
- `oidc_issuer_url` (String) The issuer URL of the OpenID Connect provider.
- `oidc_strict_hostname_verification` (Boolean) Controls whether or not hostname verification is performed, which checks if the hostname of the OIDC provider matches the name(s) stored inside the certificate it provides. This property should only be set to false for testing purposes.
- `oidc_trust_all` (Boolean) Controls whether or not this application will always trust any certificate that is presented to it, regardless of its contents. This property should only be set to true for testing purposes.
- `oidc_trust_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the truststore file used by this application to evaluate OIDC provider certificates. If this field is left blank, the default JVM trust store will be used.
- `oidc_trust_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider that may be used to obtain the PIN for the trust store used with OIDC providers. This is only required if a trust store file is required, and if that trust store requires a PIN to access its contents.
- `oidc_trust_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the OIDC trust store file.
- `sso_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates that SSO login into the Administrative Console is enabled.
- `temporary_directory` (String) Specifies the path to the directory that may be used to store temporary files such as extracted WAR files and compiled JSP files.
- `trust_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the truststore file, which is used by this application to establish trust of managed servers.
- `trust_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider that may be used to obtain the PIN for the trust store used with managed LDAP servers. This is only required if a trust store file is required, and if that trust store requires a PIN to access its contents.
- `trust_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the trust store file.
- `type` (String) The type of Web Application Extension resource. Options are ['console', 'generic']
- `war_file` (String) Specifies the path to a standard web application archive (WAR) file.

