---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_syslog_json_error_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Syslog Json Error Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_default_syslog_json_error_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Syslog Json Error Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `default_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the default severity levels for the logger.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `generify_message_strings_when_possible` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use the generified version of the log message string (which may use placeholders like %s for a string or %d for an integer), rather than the version of the message with those placeholders replaced with specific values that would normally be written to the log.
- `include_instance_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server.
- `include_product_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server.
- `include_startup_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted.
- `include_thread_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn=JVM Stack Trace,cn=monitor entry.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `override_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the override severity levels for the logger based on the category of the messages.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `syslog_external_server` (Set of String) The syslog server to which messages should be sent.
- `syslog_facility` (String) The syslog facility to use for the messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON Error Log Publisher.
- `syslog_message_application_name` (String) The application name that will be included in syslog messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON Error Log Publisher.
- `syslog_message_host_name` (String) The local host name that will be included in syslog messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON Error Log Publisher.
- `syslog_severity` (String) The syslog severity to use for the messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON Error Log Publisher. If this is not specified, then the severity for each syslog message will be automatically based on the severity for the associated log message.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


