---
page_title: "pingdirectory_aggregate_search_reference_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Search Reference Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Aggregate Search Reference Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_aggregate_search_reference_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Aggregate Search Reference Criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_aggregate_search_reference_criteria" "myAggregateSearchReferenceCriteria" {
  id = "MyAggregateSearchReferenceCriteria"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `all_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that must match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more all-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must match all of them in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `any_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that may match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more any-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must match at least one of them in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `description` (String) A description for this Search Reference Criteria
- `none_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that must not match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more none-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must not match any of them in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `not_all_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that should not match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more not-all-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must not match all of them (that is, it may match zero or more of them, but it must not match all of them) in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "aggregateSearchReferenceCriteriaId" should be the id of the Aggregate Search Reference Criteria to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_aggregate_search_reference_criteria.myAggregateSearchReferenceCriteria aggregateSearchReferenceCriteriaId
```

