---
page_title: "pingdirectory_aggregate_result_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Result Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Aggregate Result Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_aggregate_result_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Aggregate Result Criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_aggregate_result_criteria" "myAggregateResultCriteria" {
  id = "MyAggregateResultCriteria"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `all_included_result_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a result criteria object that must match the associated operation result in order to match the aggregate result criteria. If one or more all-included result criteria objects are provided, then an operation result must match all of them in order to match the aggregate result criteria.
- `any_included_result_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a result criteria object that may match the associated operation result in order to match the aggregate result criteria. If one or more any-included result criteria objects are provided, then an operation result must match at least one of them in order to match the aggregate result criteria.
- `description` (String) A description for this Result Criteria
- `none_included_result_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a result criteria object that must not match the associated operation result in order to match the aggregate result criteria. If one or more none-included result criteria objects are provided, then an operation result must not match any of them in order to match the aggregate result criteria.
- `not_all_included_result_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a result criteria object that should not match the associated operation result in order to match the aggregate result criteria. If one or more not-all-included result criteria objects are provided, then an operation result must not match all of them (that is, it may match zero or more of them, but it must not match all of them) in order to match the aggregate result criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "aggregateResultCriteriaId" should be the id of the Aggregate Result Criteria to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_aggregate_result_criteria.myAggregateResultCriteria aggregateResultCriteriaId
```

