---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_alert_backend Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Alert Backend.
---

# pingdirectory_alert_backend (Resource)

Manages a Alert Backend.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_retention_time` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that information about generated alerts should be maintained before they will be purged.
- `backend_id` (String) Specifies a name to identify the associated backend.
- `backup_file_permissions` (String) Specifies the permissions that should be applied to files and directories created by a backup of the backend.
- `base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the base DN(s) for the data that the backend handles.
- `description` (String) A description for this Backend
- `disabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that should not be added to the backend. This can be used to suppress high volume alerts that might trigger hitting the max-alerts limit sooner than desired. Disabled alert types will not be sent out over persistent searches on this backend.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the backend is enabled in the server.
- `ldif_file` (String) Specifies the path to the LDIF file that serves as the backing file for this backend.
- `max_alerts` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of alerts that should be retained. If more alerts than this configured maximum are generated within the alert retention time, then the oldest alerts will be purged to achieve this maximum.
- `notification_manager` (String) Specifies a notification manager for changes resulting from operations processed through this Backend
- `return_unavailable_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether any LDAP operation that would use this Backend is to return UNAVAILABLE when this Backend is disabled.
- `set_degraded_alert_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether the Directory Server enters a DEGRADED state (and sends a corresponding alert) when this Backend is disabled.
- `writability_mode` (String) Specifies the behavior that the backend should use when processing write operations.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


