---
page_title: "pingdirectory_azure_authentication_method Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Azure Authentication Method"
description: |-
  Manages a Azure Authentication Method.
---

# pingdirectory_azure_authentication_method (Resource)

Manages a Azure Authentication Method.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_azure_authentication_method" "myAzureAuthenticationMethod" {
  name = "MyAzureAuthenticationMethod"
  type = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Azure Authentication Method resource. Options are ['default', 'client-secret', 'username-password']

### Optional

- `client_id` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`client-secret`, `username-password`]: The client ID to use to authenticate.
  - `default`: The client ID to use to authenticate. If this is not provided, then it will be obtained from the AZURE_CLIENT_ID
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret to use to authenticate.
- `description` (String) A description for this Azure Authentication Method
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the user to authenticate.
- `tenant_id` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`client-secret`, `username-password`]: The tenant ID to use to authenticate.
  - `default`: The tenant ID to use to authenticate. If this is not provided, then it will be obtained from the AZURE_TENANT_ID environment variable.
- `username` (String) The username for the user to authenticate.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "azureAuthenticationMethodId" should be the name of the Azure Authentication Method to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_azure_authentication_method.myAzureAuthenticationMethod azureAuthenticationMethodId
```

