---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_backup_recurring_task Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Backup Recurring Task.
---

# pingdirectory_backup_recurring_task (Resource)

Manages a Backup Recurring Task.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

resource "pingdirectory_backup_recurring_task" "myBackupRecurringTask" {
  id = "MyBackupRecurringTask"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_on_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully.
- `alert_on_start` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running.
- `alert_on_success` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully.
- `backup_directory` (String) The directory in which backup files will be placed. When backing up a single backend, the backup files will be placed directly in this directory. When backing up multiple backends, the backup files for each backend will be placed in a subdirectory whose name is the corresponding backend ID.
- `cancel_on_task_dependency_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance of this Recurring Task should be canceled if the task immediately before it in the recurring task chain fails to complete successfully (including if it is canceled by an administrator before it starts or while it is running).
- `compress` (Boolean) Indicates whether to compress the data as it is written into the backup.
- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task
- `email_on_failure` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent if an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_start` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_success` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Indicates whether to encrypt the data as it is written into the backup.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) The ID of an encryption settings definition to use to obtain the backup encryption key.
- `excluded_backend_id` (Set of String) The backend IDs of any backends that should be excluded from the backup. All backends that support backups and are not listed will be included.
- `included_backend_id` (Set of String) The backend IDs of any backends that should be included in the backup.
- `max_megabytes_per_second` (Number) The maximum rate, in megabytes per second, at which backups should be written.
- `retain_previous_full_backup_age` (String) The minimum age of previous full backups that should be preserved after a new backup completes successfully.
- `retain_previous_full_backup_count` (Number) The minimum number of previous full backups that should be preserved after a new backup completes successfully.
- `sign` (Boolean) Indicates whether to cryptographically sign backups, which will make it possible to detect whether the backup has been altered since it was created.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "backupRecurringTaskId" should be the id of the Backup Recurring Task to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_backup_recurring_task.myBackupRecurringTask backupRecurringTaskId
```
