---
page_title: "pingdirectory_certificate_mapper Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Certificate Mapper"
description: |-
  Manages a Certificate Mapper.
---

# pingdirectory_certificate_mapper (Resource)

Manages a Certificate Mapper.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_certificate_mapper" "myCertificateMapper" {
  name    = "MyCertificateMapper"
  type    = "subject-equals-dn"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Certificate Mapper is enabled.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Certificate Mapper resource. Options are ['subject-equals-dn', 'subject-dn-to-user-attribute', 'groovy-scripted', 'subject-attribute-to-user-attribute', 'fingerprint', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Certificate Mapper
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Certificate Mapper. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Certificate Mapper.
- `fingerprint_algorithm` (String) Specifies the name of the digest algorithm to compute the fingerprint of client certificates.
- `fingerprint_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute in which to look for the fingerprint.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Certificate Mapper. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Certificate Mapper.
- `subject_attribute` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the attribute whose value should exactly match the certificate subject DN.
- `subject_attribute_mapping` (Set of String) Specifies a mapping between certificate attributes and user attributes.
- `user_base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the base DNs that should be used when performing searches to map the client certificate to a user entry.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "certificateMapperId" should be the name of the Certificate Mapper to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_certificate_mapper.myCertificateMapper certificateMapperId
```

