---
page_title: "pingdirectory_change_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Change Subscription"
description: |-
  Manages a Change Subscription.
---

# pingdirectory_change_subscription (Resource)

Manages a Change Subscription.

Change Subscriptions define sets of criteria for changes of interest for which further processing should be performed. Whenever a change is processed that matches the associated criteria, the change subscription handlers configured in the server will be allowed to perform their associated processing for that operation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_change_subscription" "myChangeSubscription" {
  name = "MyChangeSubscription"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the client connection associated with an operation in order for that operation to be processed by a change subscription handler.
- `description` (String) A description for this Change Subscription
- `expiration_time` (String) Specifies a timestamp that provides an expiration time for this change subscription. If an expiration time is provided, then the change subscription will not be active after that time has passed.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the request associated with an operation in order for that operation to be processed by a change subscription handler.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the result associated with an operation in order for that operation to be processed by a change subscription handler.
- `type` (String) The type of Change Subscription resource. Options are ['change-subscription']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "changeSubscriptionId" should be the name of the Change Subscription to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_change_subscription.myChangeSubscription changeSubscriptionId
```

