---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_composed_attribute_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Composed Attribute Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_composed_attribute_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Composed Attribute Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_composed_attribute_plugin" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_composed_attribute_plugin" "myComposedAttributePlugin" {
  id             = "MyComposedAttributePlugin"
  attribute_type = "myattr"
  value_pattern  = ["{givenName} {sn}"]
  enabled        = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_type` (String) The name or OID of the attribute type for which values are to be generated.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `value_pattern` (Set of String) Specifies a pattern for constructing the values to use for the target attribute type.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `exclude_base_dn` (Set of String) The set of base DNs below which composed values will not be generated.
- `exclude_filter` (Set of String) The set of search filters that identify entries for which composed values will not be generated.
- `include_base_dn` (Set of String) The set of base DNs below which composed values may be generated.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of search filters that identify entries for which composed values may be generated.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `multi_valued_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for source attributes that have multiple values.
- `multiple_value_pattern_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit if the plugin is configured with multiple value patterns.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.
- `source_attribute_removal_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify and modify DN operations that update an entry to remove source attributes in such a way that this plugin would no longer generate any composed values for that entry.
- `target_attribute_exists_during_initial_population_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit if the target attribute exists when initially populating the entry with composed values (whether during an LDIF import, an add operation, or an invocation of the populate composed attribute values task).
- `update_source_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify and modify DN operations that update one or more of the source attributes used in any of the value patterns.
- `update_target_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify and modify DN operations that attempt to update the set of values for the target attribute.
- `updated_entry_newly_matches_criteria_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify or modify DN operations that update an entry that previously did not satisfy either the base DN or filter criteria, but now do satisfy that criteria.
- `updated_entry_no_longer_matches_criteria_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify or modify DN operations that update an entry that previously satisfied the base DN and filter criteria, but now no longer satisfies that criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "composedAttributePluginId" should be the id of the Composed Attribute Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_composed_attribute_plugin.myComposedAttributePlugin composedAttributePluginId
```
