---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_config_file_handler_backend Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Config File Handler Backend.
---

# pingdirectory_config_file_handler_backend (Resource)

Manages a Config File Handler Backend.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend_id` (String) Specifies a name to identify the associated backend.

### Optional

- `backup_file_permissions` (String) Specifies the permissions that should be applied to files and directories created by a backup of the backend.
- `base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the base DN(s) for the data that the backend handles.
- `description` (String) A description for this Backend
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the backend is enabled in the server.
- `insignificant_config_archive_attribute` (Set of String) The name or OID of an attribute type that is considered insignificant for the purpose of maintaining the configuration archive.
- `mirrored_subtree_entry_update_timeout` (String) Tells the server component that is responsible for mirroring configuration data across a topology of servers the maximum amount of time to wait for an update operation (add, delete, modify and modify-dn) on an entry to be applied on all servers in the topology. Mirrored data includes meta-data about the servers in the topology as well as cluster-wide configuration data.
- `mirrored_subtree_peer_polling_interval` (String) Tells the server component that is responsible for mirroring configuration data across a topology of servers the maximum amount of time to wait before polling the peer servers in the topology to determine if there are any changes in the topology. Mirrored data includes meta-data about the servers in the topology as well as cluster-wide configuration data.
- `mirrored_subtree_search_timeout` (String) Tells the server component that is responsible for mirroring configuration data across a topology of servers the maximum amount of time to wait for a search operation to complete. Mirrored data includes meta-data about the servers in the topology as well as cluster-wide configuration data. Search requests that take longer than this timeout will be canceled and considered failures.
- `notification_manager` (String) Specifies a notification manager for changes resulting from operations processed through this Backend
- `return_unavailable_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether any LDAP operation that would use this Backend is to return UNAVAILABLE when this Backend is disabled.
- `set_degraded_alert_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether the Directory Server enters a DEGRADED state (and sends a corresponding alert) when this Backend is disabled.
- `writability_mode` (String) Specifies the behavior that the backend should use when processing write operations.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


