---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_conjur_external_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Conjur External Server.
---

# pingdirectory_conjur_external_server (Resource)

Manages a Conjur External Server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conjur_account_name` (String) The name of the account with which the desired secrets are associated.
- `conjur_authentication_method` (String) The mechanism used to authenticate to the Conjur server.
- `conjur_server_base_uri` (Set of String) The base URL needed to access the CyberArk Conjur server. The base URL should consist of the protocol ("http" or "https"), the server address (resolvable name or IP address), and the port number. For example, "https://conjur.example.com:8443/".
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this External Server
- `trust_store_file` (String) The path to a file containing the information needed to trust the certificate presented by the Conjur servers.
- `trust_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) The PIN needed to access the contents of the trust store. This is only required if a trust store file is required, and if that trust store requires a PIN to access its contents.
- `trust_store_type` (String) The store type for the specified trust store file. The value should likely be one of "JKS", "PKCS12", or "BCFKS".

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


