---
page_title: "pingdirectory_console_json_audit_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Log Publisher"
description: |-
  Manages a Console Json Audit Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_console_json_audit_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Console Json Audit Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_console_json_audit_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_console_json_audit_log_publisher" "myConsoleJsonAuditLogPublisher" {
  id      = "MyConsoleJsonAuditLogPublisher"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Console JSON Audit Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `exclude_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the names of any attribute types that should be excluded from the audit log.
- `include_instance_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server.
- `include_intermediate_client_request_control` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include information about any intermediate client request control that may have been included in the request.
- `include_operation_purpose_request_control` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include information about any operation purpose request control that may have been included in the request.
- `include_product_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server.
- `include_replication_change_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the replication change ID.
- `include_request_controls` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the request.
- `include_requester_dn` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the DN of the authenticated user for the client connection on which the operation was requested.
- `include_requester_ip_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the IP address of the client that requested the operation.
- `include_response_controls` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation results should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the result.
- `include_startup_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted.
- `include_thread_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn=JVM Stack Trace,cn=monitor entry.
- `log_security_negotiation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `obscure_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the names of any attribute types that should have their values obscured in the audit log because they may be considered sensitive.
- `output_location` (String) Specifies the output stream to which JSON-formatted audit log messages should be written.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `soft_delete_entry_audit_behavior` (String) Specifies the audit behavior for delete and modify operations on soft-deleted entries.
- `suppress_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users.
- `suppress_replication_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed.
- `use_reversible_form` (Boolean) Indicates whether the audit log should be written in reversible form so that it is possible to revert the changes if desired.
- `write_multi_line_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether the JSON objects should use a multi-line representation (with each object field and array value on its own line) that may be easier for administrators to read, but each message will be larger (because of additional spaces and end-of-line markers), and it may be more difficult to consume and parse through some text-oriented tools.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "consoleJsonAuditLogPublisherId" should be the id of the Console Json Audit Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_console_json_audit_log_publisher.myConsoleJsonAuditLogPublisher consoleJsonAuditLogPublisherId
```

