---
page_title: "pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Correlated Ldap Data View"
description: |-
  Manages a Correlated Ldap Data View.
---

# pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view (Resource)

Manages a Correlated Ldap Data View.

## Example Usage

```terraform
//URN is needed for the LDAP mapping SCIM resource type
resource "pingdirectory_scim_schema" "myScimSchema" {
  schema_urn = "urn:com:example2"
}

// LDAP mapping SCIM resource type is needed for the correlated data view resource
resource "pingdirectory_scim_resource_type" "myLdapMappingScimResourceType" {
  name        = "MyLdapMappingScimResourceType2"
  type        = "ldap-mapping"
  core_schema = pingdirectory_scim_schema.myScimSchema.schema_urn
  enabled     = false
  endpoint    = "myendpoint"
}

resource "pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view" "myCorrelatedLdapDataView" {
  name                            = "MyCorrelatedLdapDataView"
  scim_resource_type_name         = pingdirectory_scim_resource_type.myLdapMappingScimResourceType.id
  structural_ldap_objectclass     = "ldapObject"
  include_base_dn                 = "cn=com.example"
  primary_correlation_attribute   = "cn"
  secondary_correlation_attribute = "cn"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_correlated_ldap_view)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `include_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory that can be accessed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `primary_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the parent SCIM Resource Type whose value will be used to match objects in the Correlated LDAP Data View. If multiple correlation attributes are required they may be created using additional correlation-attribute-pairs.
- `scim_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent SCIM Resource Type
- `secondary_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the Correlated LDAP Data View whose value will be matched with the primary-correlation-attribute. If multiple correlation attributes are required they may be specified by creating additional correlation-attribute-pairs.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.

### Optional

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `create_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies the template to use for the DN when creating new entries.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `include_operational_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the set of operational LDAP attributes to be provided by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `type` (String) The type of Correlated LDAP Data View resource. Options are ['correlated-ldap-data-view']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Correlated Ldap Data View requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_correlated_ldap_data_view.myCorrelatedLdapDataView "[scim-resource-type-name]/[correlated-ldap-data-view-name]"
```

