---
page_title: "pingdirectory_custom_logged_stats Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Custom Logged Stats"
description: |-
  Manages a Custom Logged Stats.
---

# pingdirectory_custom_logged_stats (Resource)

Manages a Custom Logged Stats.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_custom_logged_stats" "myCustomLoggedStats" {
  id                  = "MyCustomLoggedStats"
  plugin_name         = "JSON Stats Logger"
  monitor_objectclass = "ds-memory-usage-monitor-entry"
  attribute_to_log    = ["total-bytes-used-by-memory-consumers"]
  statistic_type      = ["raw"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_to_log` (Set of String) Specifies the attributes on the monitor entries that should be included in the output.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `monitor_objectclass` (String) The objectclass name of the monitor entries to examine for generating these statistics.
- `plugin_name` (String) Name of the parent Plugin
- `statistic_type` (Set of String) Specifies the type of statistic to include in the output for each monitored attribute.

### Optional

- `column_name` (Set of String) Optionally, specifies an explicit name for each column header instead of having these names automatically generated from the monitored attribute name.
- `decimal_format` (String) This provides a way to format the monitored attribute value in the output to control the precision for instance.
- `description` (String) A description for this Custom Logged Stats
- `divide_value_by` (String) An optional floating point value that can be used to scale the resulting value.
- `divide_value_by_attribute` (String) An optional property that can scale the resulting value by another attribute in the monitored entry.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Custom Logged Stats object is enabled.
- `header_prefix` (String) An optional prefix that is included in the header before the column name.
- `header_prefix_attribute` (String) An optional attribute from the monitor entry that is included as a prefix before the column name in the column header.
- `include_filter` (String) An optional LDAP filter that can be used restrict which monitor entries are used to produce the output.
- `non_zero_implies_not_idle` (Boolean) If this property is set to true, then the value of any of the monitored attributes here can contribute to whether an interval is considered "idle" by the Periodic Stats Logger.
- `regex_pattern` (String) An optional regular expression pattern, that when used in conjunction with regex-replacement, can alter the value of the attribute being monitored.
- `regex_replacement` (String) An optional regular expression replacement value, that when used in conjunction with regex-pattern, can alter the value of the attribute being monitored.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Custom Logged Stats requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_custom_logged_stats.myCustomLoggedStats "[plugin-name]/[custom-logged-stats-name]"
```

