---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_debug_access_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Debug"
description: |-
  Manages a Debug Access Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_debug_access_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Debug Access Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_debug_access_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_debug_access_log_publisher" "myDebugAccessLogPublisher" {
  id       = "MyDebugAccessLogPublisher"
  log_file = "logs/mydebuglog"
  enabled  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Debug Access Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Debug Access Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged.
- `correlate_requests_and_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to automatically log result messages for any operation in which the corresponding request was logged. In such cases, the result, entry, and reference criteria will be ignored, although the log-responses, log-search-entries, and log-search-references properties will be honored.
- `debug_aci_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include debugging information about ACIs being used by the operations being logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `log_assurance_completed` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of replication assurance processing.
- `log_client_certificates` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about any client certificates presented to the server.
- `log_connects` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about connections established to the server.
- `log_disconnects` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about connections that have been closed by the client or terminated by the server.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Debug Access Log Publisher.
- `log_intermediate_responses` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client.
- `log_requests` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about requests received from clients.
- `log_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the results of client requests.
- `log_search_entries` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about search result entries sent to the client.
- `log_search_references` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about search result references sent to the client.
- `log_security_negotiation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `obscure_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the names of any attribute types that should have their values obscured if the obscure-sensitive-content property has a value of true.
- `obscure_sensitive_content` (Boolean) Indicates whether the resulting log file should attempt to obscure content that may be considered sensitive. This primarily includes the credentials for bind requests, the values of password modify extended requests and responses, and the values of any attributes specified in the obscure-attribute property. Note that the use of this option does not guarantee no sensitive information will be exposed, so the log output should still be carefully guarded.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Debug Access Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Debug Access Log Publisher .
- `search_entry_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of search entry criteria that must match the associated search result entry in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `search_reference_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of search reference criteria that must match the associated search result reference in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `suppress_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users.
- `suppress_replication_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "debugAccessLogPublisherId" should be the id of the Debug Access Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_debug_access_log_publisher.myDebugAccessLogPublisher debugAccessLogPublisherId
```
