---
page_title: "pingdirectory_debug_target Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Debug Target"
description: |-
  Manages a Debug Target.
---

# pingdirectory_debug_target (Resource)

Manages a Debug Target.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_debug_target" "myDebugTarget" {
  log_publisher_name = "File-Based Debug Logger"
  debug_scope        = "com.example.MyClass"
  debug_level        = "all"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_proxy_use_debug_log_publisher)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `debug_level` (String) Specifies the lowest severity level of debug messages to log.
- `debug_scope` (String) Specifies the fully-qualified Java package, class, or method affected by the settings in this target definition. Use the number character (#) to separate the class name and the method name (that is, com.unboundid.directory.server.core.DirectoryServer#startUp).
- `log_publisher_name` (String) Name of the parent Log Publisher

### Optional

- `debug_category` (Set of String) Specifies the debug message categories to be logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this Debug Target
- `include_throwable_cause` (Boolean) Specifies the property to indicate whether to include the cause of exceptions in exception thrown and caught messages.
- `omit_method_entry_arguments` (Boolean) Specifies the property to indicate whether to include method arguments in debug messages.
- `omit_method_return_value` (Boolean) Specifies the property to indicate whether to include the return value in debug messages.
- `throwable_stack_frames` (Number) Specifies the property to indicate the number of stack frames to include in the stack trace for method entry and exception thrown messages.
- `type` (String) The type of Debug Target resource. Options are ['debug-target']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Debug Target requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_debug_target.myDebugTarget "[log-publisher-name]/[debug-target-debug-scope]"
```

