---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_oauth_bearer_sasl_mechanism_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sasl Mechanism Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Oauth Bearer Sasl Mechanism Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_oauth_bearer_sasl_mechanism_handler (Resource)

Manages a Oauth Bearer Sasl Mechanism Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `access_token_validator` (Set of String) An access token validator that will ensure that each presented OAuth access token is authentic and trustworthy. It must be configured with an identity mapper that will be used to map the access token to a local entry.
- `all_required_scope` (Set of String) The set of OAuth scopes that will all be required for any access tokens that will be allowed for authentication.
- `alternate_authorization_identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that will be used to map an alternate authorization identity (provided in the GS2 header of the encoded OAUTHBEARER bind request credentials) to the corresponding local entry.
- `any_required_scope` (Set of String) The set of OAuth scopes that a token may have to be allowed for authentication.
- `description` (String) A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use.
- `id_token_validator` (Set of String) An ID token validator that will ensure that each presented OpenID Connect ID token is authentic and trustworthy, and that will map the token to a local entry.
- `require_both_access_token_and_id_token` (Boolean) Indicates whether bind requests will be required to have both an OAuth access token (in the "auth" element of the bind request) and an OpenID Connect ID token (in the "pingidentityidtoken" element of the bind request).
- `server_fqdn` (String) The fully-qualified name that clients are expected to use when communicating with the server.
- `validate_access_token_when_id_token_is_also_provided` (String) Indicates whether to validate the OAuth access token in addition to the OpenID Connect ID token in OAUTHBEARER bind requests that contain both types of tokens.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



