---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_third_party_sasl_mechanism_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sasl Mechanism Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party Sasl Mechanism Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_third_party_sasl_mechanism_handler (Resource)

Manages a Third Party Sasl Mechanism Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler.
- `identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that may be used to map usernames to user entries. If the custom SASL mechanism involves a username or some other form of authentication and/or authorization identity, then this may be used to map that ID to an entry for that user.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



