---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_log_file_rotation_listener Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Log File Rotation Listener"
description: |-
  Manages a Log File Rotation Listener.
---

# pingdirectory_default_log_file_rotation_listener (Resource)

Manages a Log File Rotation Listener.

Log File Rotation Listeners allow the server to take some action whenever a log file is rotated out of service so that the server will start writing to a new file. Log File Rotation Listeners must not delete, move, rename, or otherwise alter rotated log files in any way.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_log_rotation_listeners?tocId=lWywrDXSdkcjHnzEpt4LmA)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `compress_on_copy` (Boolean) Indicates whether the file should be gzip-compressed as it is copied into the destination directory.
- `copy_to_directory` (String) The path to the directory to which log files should be copied. It must be different from the directory to which the log file is originally written, and administrators should ensure that the filesystem has sufficient space to hold files as they are copied.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log File Rotation Listener
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log File Rotation Listener is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Log File Rotation Listener. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Log File Rotation Listener.
- `output_directory` (String) The path to the directory in which the summarize-access-log output should be written. If no value is provided, the output file will be written into the same directory as the rotated log file.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Log File Rotation Listener resource. Options are ['summarize', 'copy', 'third-party']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



