---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_clean_up_inactive_pingfederate_persistent_sessions_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "PingFederate"
description: |-
  Manages a Clean Up Inactive Pingfederate Persistent Sessions Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_default_clean_up_inactive_pingfederate_persistent_sessions_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Clean Up Inactive Pingfederate Persistent Sessions Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `base_dn` (String) Only entries located within the subtree specified by this base DN are eligible for purging.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `expiration_offset` (String) Sessions whose last activity timestamp is older than this offset will be removed.
- `max_updates_per_second` (Number) This setting smooths out the performance impact on the server by throttling the purging to the specified maximum number of updates per second. To avoid a large backlog, this value should be set comfortably above the average rate that expired data is generated. When purge-behavior is set to subtree-delete-entries, then deletion of the entire subtree is considered a single update for the purposes of throttling.
- `num_delete_threads` (Number) The number of threads used to delete expired entries.
- `peer_server_priority_index` (Number) In a replicated environment, this determines the order in which peer servers should attempt to purge data.
- `polling_interval` (String) This specifies how often the plugin should check for expired data. It also controls the offset of peer servers (see the peer-server-priority-index for more information).

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


