---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_log_field_mapping Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Log Field Mapping"
description: |-
  Manages a Log Field Mapping.
---

# pingdirectory_default_log_field_mapping (Resource)

Manages a Log Field Mapping.

The Log Field Mapping provides a mapping to column names in a table used to store log elements.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_log_field_map_tables)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Log Field Mapping
- `log_field_additional_information` (String) Additional information about the operation that was processed which was not returned to the client.
- `log_field_alternate_authorization_dn` (String) The DN of the alternate authorization identity used when processing the operation.
- `log_field_authenticated_user_dn` (String) The DN of the user that authenticated to the server.
- `log_field_authentication_failure_id` (String) The numeric identifier for the authentication failure reason.
- `log_field_authentication_failure_reason` (String) A message explaining the reason that the authentication attempt failed.
- `log_field_authentication_type` (String) The type of authentication requested by the client.
- `log_field_base_dn` (String) The base DN for a search operation.
- `log_field_bind_dn` (String) The bind DN for a bind operation.
- `log_field_category` (String) The category for the log message.
- `log_field_connection_id` (String) The connection ID assigned to the client connection.
- `log_field_delete_old_rdn` (String) Indicates whether the old RDN values should be removed from an entry while processing a modify DN operation.
- `log_field_disconnect_reason` (String) The reason that the client connection was closed.
- `log_field_entries_returned` (String) The number of search result entries returned to the client.
- `log_field_entry_dn` (String) The DN of the entry targeted by the operation.
- `log_field_filter` (String) The filter from a search operation.
- `log_field_instance_name` (String) A name that uniquely identifies this Directory Server instance, which may be used to identify which instance was used to log the message if multiple server instances log to the same database table.
- `log_field_intermediate_client_request` (String) The contents of the intermediate client request control provided by the client.
- `log_field_intermediate_client_result` (String) The contents of the intermediate client response control returned to the client.
- `log_field_matched_dn` (String) The DN of the superior entry closest to the DN specified by the client.
- `log_field_message` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `access`: The diagnostic message for the operation.
  - `error`: The text of the log message.
- `log_field_message_id` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `access`: The message ID included in the client request.
  - `error`: The numeric value which uniquely identifies the type of message.
- `log_field_message_id_to_abandon` (String) The message ID of the operation to be abandoned.
- `log_field_message_type` (String) The type of log message. Message types may include "CONNECT", "DISCONNECT", "FORWARD", "RESULT", "ENTRY", or "REFERENCE".
- `log_field_new_rdn` (String) The new RDN to use for a modify DN operation.
- `log_field_new_superior_dn` (String) The new superior DN from a modify DN operation.
- `log_field_operation_id` (String) The operation ID for the operation processed by the server.
- `log_field_operation_type` (String) The type of operation that was processed.
- `log_field_origin` (String) The origin for the operation. Values may include "replication" (if the operation was received via replication), "internal" (if it was an internal operation processed by a server component), or "external" (if it was a request from a client).
- `log_field_processing_time` (String) The length of time (in milliseconds with microsecond accuracy) required to process the operation.
- `log_field_product_name` (String) The name for this Directory Server product, which may be used to identify which product was used to log the message if multiple products log to the same database table.
- `log_field_protocol_name` (String) The name of the protocol the client is using to communicate with the Directory Server.
- `log_field_protocol_version` (String) The protocol version used by the client when communicating with the Directory Server.
- `log_field_referral_urls` (String) The referral URLs returned to the client.
- `log_field_replication_change_id` (String) The replication change ID.
- `log_field_request_controls` (String) The OIDs of the request controls returned to the client.
- `log_field_request_oid` (String) The OID of an extended request.
- `log_field_requested_attributes` (String) The set of requested attributes for the search operation.
- `log_field_requester_dn` (String) The DN of the user that requested the operation.
- `log_field_requester_ip_address` (String) The IP address of the client that requested the operation.
- `log_field_response_controls` (String) The OIDs of the response controls returned to the client.
- `log_field_response_oid` (String) The OID of an extended response.
- `log_field_result_code` (String) The numeric result code for the operation.
- `log_field_sasl_mechanism_name` (String) The name of the SASL mechanism used to authenticate.
- `log_field_scope` (String) The scope for the search operation.
- `log_field_severity` (String) The severity for the log message.
- `log_field_source_address` (String) The address of the client from which the connection was established.
- `log_field_startupid` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `access`: The startup ID for the Directory Server. A different value will be generated each time the server is started, and it may be used to distinguish between operations with the same connection ID and operation ID across server restarts.
  - `error`: The startup ID for the Directory Server. A different value will be generated each time the server is started.
- `log_field_target_address` (String) The network address of the Directory Server to which the client connection has been established.
- `log_field_target_attribute` (String) The name of the attribute targeted by a compare operation.
- `log_field_target_host` (String) The address of the server to which the request has been forwarded.
- `log_field_target_port` (String) The network port of the Directory Server to which the client connection has been established, or of the backend server to which the request has been forwarded.
- `log_field_target_protocol` (String) The protocol used when forwarding the request to a backend server.
- `log_field_timestamp` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `access`: The time that the operation was processed.
  - `error`: The time that the log message was generated.
- `log_field_unindexed` (String) Indicates whether the requested search operation was unindexed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Log Field Mapping resource. Options are ['access', 'error']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



