---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_third_party_trust_manager_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Third-party"
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party Trust Manager Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_third_party_trust_manager_provider (Resource)

Manages a Third Party Trust Manager Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the Trust Manager Provider is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Trust Manager Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Trust Manager Provider.
- `include_jvm_default_issuers` (Boolean) Indicates whether certificates issued by an authority included in the JVM's set of default issuers should be automatically trusted, even if they would not otherwise be trusted by this provider.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

