---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_aggregate_search_entry_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Search Entry Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Aggregate Search Entry Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_default_aggregate_search_entry_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Aggregate Search Entry Criteria.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `all_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that must match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more all-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must match all of them in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `any_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that may match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more any-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must match at least one of them in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `description` (String) A description for this Search Entry Criteria
- `none_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that must not match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more none-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must not match any of them in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.
- `not_all_included_search_entry_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search entry criteria object that should not match the associated search result entry in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria. If one or more not-all-included search entry criteria objects are provided, then a search result entry must not match all of them (that is, it may match zero or more of them, but it must not match all of them) in order to match the aggregate search entry criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



