---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_weakly_encoded_password_data_security_auditor Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Data Security Auditor"
description: |-
  Manages a Weakly Encoded Password Data Security Auditor.
---

# pingdirectory_default_weakly_encoded_password_data_security_auditor (Resource)

Manages a Weakly Encoded Password Data Security Auditor.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `audit_backend` (Set of String) Specifies which backends the data security auditor may be applied to. By default, the data security auditors will audit entries in all backend types that support data auditing (Local DB, LDIF, and Config File Handler).
- `audit_severity` (String) Specifies the severity of events to include in the report.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Data Security Auditor is enabled for use.
- `include_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the attributes from the audited entries that should be included detailed reports. By default, no attributes are included.
- `report_file` (String) Specifies the name of the detailed report file.
- `weak_crypt_encoding` (Set of String) Reporting on users with passwords encoded using the Crypt Password Storage scheme may be further limited by selecting one or more encoding mechanisms that are considered weak.
- `weak_password_storage_scheme` (Set of String) The password storage schemes that are considered weak. Users with any of the specified password storage schemes will be included in the report.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



