---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_third_party_file_based_error_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_default_third_party_file_based_error_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `default_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the default severity levels for the logger.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `override_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the override severity levels for the logger based on the category of the messages.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher .
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


