---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_server_instance_listener Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Server Instance Listener"
description: |-
  Manages a Server Instance Listener.
---

# pingdirectory_default_server_instance_listener (Resource)

Manages a Server Instance Listener.

Server Instance Listeners are used to identify listeners of changes related to server instances defined within the system.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_server_instance_listener" "myServerInstanceListener" {
  name                 = "ldap-listener-mirrored-config"
  server_instance_name = "MyServerInstance"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `server_instance_name` (String) Name of the parent Server Instance

### Optional

- `connection_security` (String) Specifies the mechanism to use for securing connections to the server.
- `listen_address` (String) If the server is listening on a particular address different from the hostname, then this property may be used to specify the address on which to listen for connections from HTTP clients.
- `listener_certificate` (String) The public component of the certificate that the listener is expected to present to clients. When establishing a connection to this server, only the certificate(s) listed here will be trusted.
- `purpose` (Set of String) Identifies the purpose of this Server Instance Listener.
- `server_http_port` (Number) The TCP port number on which the HTTP server is listening.
- `server_ldap_port` (Number) The TCP port number on which the LDAP server is listening.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Server Instance Listener resource. Options are ['ldap', 'http']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Server Instance Listener requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_default_server_instance_listener.myServerInstanceListener "[server-instance-name]/[server-instance-listener-name]"
```

