---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_validate_totp_password_extended_operation_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Extended Operation Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Validate Totp Password Extended Operation Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_validate_totp_password_extended_operation_handler (Resource)

Manages a Validate Totp Password Extended Operation Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `adjacent_intervals_to_check` (Number) The number of adjacent time intervals (both before and after the current time) that should be checked when performing authentication.
- `description` (String) A description for this Extended Operation Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Operation Handler is enabled (that is, whether the types of extended operations are allowed in the server).
- `prevent_totp_reuse` (Boolean) Indicates whether to prevent clients from re-using TOTP passwords.
- `shared_secret_attribute_type` (String) The name or OID of the attribute that will be used to hold the shared secret key used during TOTP processing.
- `time_interval_duration` (String) The duration of the time interval used for TOTP processing.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



