---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_amazon_key_management_service_cipher_stream_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Cipher Stream Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Amazon Key Management Service Cipher Stream Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_amazon_key_management_service_cipher_stream_provider (Resource)

Manages a Amazon Key Management Service Cipher Stream Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The access key ID that will be used if this cipher stream provider will authenticate to the Amazon Key Management Service using an access key rather than an IAM role associated with an EC2 instance.
- `aws_external_server` (String) The external server with information to use when interacting with the Amazon Key Management Service.
- `aws_region_name` (String) The name of the Amazon Web Services region that holds the encryption key. This is optional, and if it is not provided, then the server will attempt to determine the region from the key ARN.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key that will be used if this cipher stream provider will authenticate to the Amazon Key Management Service using an access key rather than an IAM role associated with an EC2 instance.
- `description` (String) A description for this Cipher Stream Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Cipher Stream Provider is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `encrypted_passphrase_file` (String) The path to a file that will hold the encrypted passphrase used by this cipher stream provider.
- `kms_encryption_key_arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) for the KMS key that will be used to encrypt the contents of the passphrase file. This key must exist, and the AWS client must have access to encrypt and decrypt data using this key.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



