---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_replication_assurance_result_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Result Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Replication Assurance Result Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_default_replication_assurance_result_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Replication Assurance Result Criteria.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `assurance_behavior_altered_by_control` (String) Indicates whether this Replication Assurance Result Criteria should match operations based on whether the assurance requirements were altered by a control included in the request from the client.
- `assurance_satisfied` (String) Indicates whether this Replication Assurance Result Criteria should match operations based on whether the assurance requirements have been satisfied.
- `assurance_timeout_criteria` (String) The criteria to use when performing matching based on the assurance timeout.
- `assurance_timeout_value` (String) The value to use for performing matching based on the assurance timeout. This will be ignored if the assurance-timeout-criteria is "any".
- `description` (String) A description for this Result Criteria
- `local_assurance_level` (Set of String) The local assurance level values that will be allowed to match this Replication Assurance Result Criteria.
- `remote_assurance_level` (Set of String) The local assurance level values that will be allowed to match this Replication Assurance Result Criteria.
- `response_delayed_by_assurance` (String) Indicates whether this Replication Assurance Result Criteria should match operations based on whether the response to the client was delayed by assurance processing.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



