---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_plugin_root Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Plugin Root"
description: |-
  Manages a Plugin Root.
---

# pingdirectory_default_plugin_root (Resource)

Manages a Plugin Root.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_plugin_root" "myPluginRoot" {
  plugin_order_pre_parse_search = "7-Bit Clean"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `plugin_order_intermediate_response` (String) Specifies the order in which intermediate response plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_ldif_export` (String) Specifies the order in which LDIF export plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_ldif_import` (String) Specifies the order in which LDIF import plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_connect` (String) Specifies the order in which post-connect plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_disconnect` (String) Specifies the order in which post-disconnect plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_abandon` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation abandon plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_add` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_search` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_operation_unbind` (String) Specifies the order in which post-operation unbind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_add` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_response_search` (String) Specifies the order in which post-response search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_add` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_post_synchronization_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which post-synchronization modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_add` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_operation_search` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-operation search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_abandon` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse abandon plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_add` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse add plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_bind` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse bind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_compare` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse compare plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_delete` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse delete plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_extended` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse extended operation plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_modify` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse modify plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_search` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse search plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_pre_parse_unbind` (String) Specifies the order in which pre-parse unbind plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_search_result_entry` (String) Specifies the order in which search result entry plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_search_result_reference` (String) Specifies the order in which search result reference plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_shutdown` (String) Specifies the order in which shutdown plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_startup` (String) Specifies the order in which startup plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `plugin_order_subordinate_modify_dn` (String) Specifies the order in which subordinate modify DN plug-ins are to be loaded and invoked.
- `type` (String) The type of Plugin Root resource. Options are ['plugin-root']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder
terraform import pingdirectory_default_plugin_root.myPluginRoot id
```

