---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_monitoring_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Monitoring Endpoint"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitoring Endpoint.
---

# pingdirectory_default_monitoring_endpoint (Resource)

Manages a Monitoring Endpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `additional_tags` (Set of String) Specifies any optional additional tags to include in StatsD messages. Any additional tags will be appended to the end of each StatsD message, separated by commas. Tags should be written in a [key]:[value] format ("host:server1", for example).
- `connection_type` (String) Specifies the protocol and security that this StatsD Monitoring Endpoint should use to connect to the configured endpoint.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Monitoring Endpoint is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `hostname` (String) The name of the host where this StatsD Monitoring Endpoint should send metric data.
- `server_port` (Number) Specifies the port number of the endpoint where metric data should be sent.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) The trust manager provider to use if SSL over TCP is to be used for connection-level security.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



