---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_log_field_syntax Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Log Field Syntax"
description: |-
  Manages a Log Field Syntax.
---

# pingdirectory_default_log_field_syntax (Resource)

Manages a Log Field Syntax.

Log Field Syntaxes are used to define the behavior for logging values with a given syntax.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_log_field_syntax" "myLogFieldSyntax" {
  name             = "MyLogFieldSyntax"
  type             = "json"
  default_behavior = "omit"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `default_behavior` (String) The default behavior that the server should exhibit when logging fields with this syntax. This may be overridden on a per-field basis.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Field Syntax
- `excluded_sensitive_attribute` (Set of String) The set of attribute types that will not be considered sensitive.
- `excluded_sensitive_field` (Set of String) The names of the JSON fields that will not be considered sensitive.
- `included_sensitive_attribute` (Set of String) The set of attribute types that will be considered sensitive.
- `included_sensitive_field` (Set of String) The names of the JSON fields that will be considered sensitive.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Log Field Syntax resource. Options are ['json', 'attribute-based', 'generic']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "logFieldSyntaxId" should be the name of the Log Field Syntax to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_log_field_syntax.myLogFieldSyntax logFieldSyntaxId
```

