---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_replace_certificate_extended_operation_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Extended Operation Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Replace Certificate Extended Operation Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_replace_certificate_extended_operation_handler (Resource)

Manages a Replace Certificate Extended Operation Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `allow_remotely_provided_certificates` (Boolean) Indicates whether clients should be allowed to directly provide a new listener or inter-server certificate chain in the extended request.
- `allowed_operation` (Set of String) The types of replace certificate operations that clients will be allowed to request.
- `connection_criteria` (String) A set of criteria that client connections must satisfy before they will be allowed to request the associated extended operations.
- `description` (String) A description for this Extended Operation Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Operation Handler is enabled (that is, whether the types of extended operations are allowed in the server).
- `request_criteria` (String) A set of criteria that the extended requests must satisfy before they will be processed by the server.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



