---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_third_party_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_default_third_party_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Third Party Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Plugin.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Plugin. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that may be used to indicate that this Third Party Plugin should only be invoked for operations in which the associated request matches this criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


