---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_syslog_external_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "System Log"
description: |-
  Manages a Syslog External Server.
---

# pingdirectory_default_syslog_external_server (Resource)

Manages a Syslog External Server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `connect_timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for a connection to be established before giving up and considering the server unavailable. This will only be used when communicating with the syslog server over TCP (with or without TLS encryption).
- `description` (String) A description for this External Server
- `max_connection_age` (String) The maximum length of time that TCP connections should remain established. This will be ignored for UDP-based connections. A zero duration indicates that no maximum age will be imposed.
- `server_host_name` (String) The address of the syslog server.
- `server_port` (Number) The port on which the syslog server accepts connections.
- `transport_mechanism` (String) The transport mechanism that should be used when communicating with the syslog server.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) A trust manager provider that will be used to determine whether to trust the certificate chain presented by the syslog server when communication is encrypted with TLS. This property will be ignored when not using TLS encryption.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

