---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_changelog_password_encryption_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Changelog Password Encryption Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_default_changelog_password_encryption_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Changelog Password Encryption Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `changelog_password_encryption_key` (String, Sensitive) A passphrase that may be used to generate the key for encrypting passwords stored in the changelog. The same passphrase also needs to be set (either through the "changelog-password-decryption-key" property or the "changelog-password-decryption-key-passphrase-provider" property) in the Global Sync Configuration in the Data Sync Server.
- `changelog_password_encryption_key_passphrase_provider` (String) A passphrase provider that may be used to obtain the passphrase that will be used to generate the key for encrypting passwords stored in the changelog. The same passphrase also needs to be set (either through the "changelog-password-decryption-key" property or the "changelog-password-decryption-key-passphrase-provider" property) in the Global Sync Configuration in the Data Sync Server.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


