---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_sensitive_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sensitive Attribute"
description: |-
  Manages a Sensitive Attribute.
---

# pingdirectory_default_sensitive_attribute (Resource)

Manages a Sensitive Attribute.

Sensitive Attributes provide a means of declaring one or more attributes to contain sensitive data so that the server can enforce additional protection for operations attempting to interact with them.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_sensitive_attriutes)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `allow_in_add` (String) Indicates whether clients will be allowed to include sensitive attributes in add requests.
- `allow_in_compare` (String) Indicates whether clients will be allowed to target sensitive attributes with compare requests.
- `allow_in_filter` (String) Indicates whether clients will be allowed to include sensitive attributes in search filters. This also includes filters that may be used in other forms, including assertion and LDAP join request controls.
- `allow_in_modify` (String) Indicates whether clients will be allowed to target sensitive attributes with modify requests.
- `allow_in_returned_entries` (String) Indicates whether sensitive attributes should be included in entries returned to the client. This includes not only search result entries, but also other forms including in the values of controls like the pre-read, post-read, get authorization entry, and LDAP join response controls.
- `attribute_type` (Set of String) The name(s) or OID(s) of the attribute types for attributes whose values may be considered sensitive.
- `description` (String) A description for this Sensitive Attribute
- `include_default_sensitive_operational_attributes` (Boolean) Indicates whether to automatically include any server-generated operational attributes that may contain sensitive data.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Sensitive Attribute resource. Options are ['sensitive-attribute']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



