---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_ldap_sdk_debug_logger Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Ldap Sdk Debug Logger"
description: |-
  Manages a Ldap Sdk Debug Logger.
---

# pingdirectory_default_ldap_sdk_debug_logger (Resource)

Manages a Ldap Sdk Debug Logger.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_ldap_sdk_debug_logger" "myLdapSdkDebugLogger" {
  description = "My LDAP SDK debug logger description"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the LDAP SDK Debug Logger will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `debug_level` (String) The minimum debug level that should be used for messages to be logged.
- `debug_type` (Set of String) The types of debug messages that should be logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this LDAP SDK Debug Logger
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this LDAP SDK Debug Logger is enabled.
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `include_stack_trace` (Boolean) Indicates whether a stack trace of the thread which called the debug method should be included in debug log messages.
- `log_file` (String) The path and base name of the file to use for log files generated by this LDAP SDK Debug Logger. The path may be either absolute or relative to the server root.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this LDAP SDK Debug Logger.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the LDAP SDK Debug Logger .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the LDAP SDK Debug Logger .
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.
- `timestamp_precision` (String) Specifies the smallest time unit to be included in timestamps.
- `type` (String) The type of LDAP SDK Debug Logger resource. Options are ['ldap-sdk-debug-logger']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder
terraform import pingdirectory_default_ldap_sdk_debug_logger.myLdapSdkDebugLogger id
```

