---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_jmx_connection_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Jmx Connection Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_jmx_connection_handler (Resource)

Manages a Jmx Connection Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Connection Handler is enabled.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `listen_port` (Number) Specifies the port number on which the JMX Connection Handler will listen for connections from clients.

### Optional

- `allowed_client` (Set of String) Specifies a set of address masks that determines the addresses of the clients that are allowed to establish connections to this connection handler.
- `denied_client` (Set of String) Specifies a set of address masks that determines the addresses of the clients that are not allowed to establish connections to this connection handler.
- `description` (String) A description for this Connection Handler
- `key_manager_provider` (String) Specifies the name of the key manager that should be used with this JMX Connection Handler .
- `ssl_cert_nickname` (String) Specifies the nickname (also called the alias) of the certificate that the JMX Connection Handler should use when performing SSL communication.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Indicates whether the JMX Connection Handler should use SSL.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


