---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_constructed_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Constructed Attribute"
description: |-
  Manages a Constructed Attribute.
---

# pingdirectory_default_constructed_attribute (Resource)

Manages a Constructed Attribute.

A constructed attribute constructs values for an attribute by using a combination of fixed text and values of other attributes from the entry. Note that just creating one of these objects will not have any effect. The object must be referenced from another configuration object such as a Delegated Admin Resource Type.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_da_config_attr_search_pingdir_server)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `attribute_type` (String) Specifies the attribute type for the attribute whose values are to be constructed.
- `description` (String) A description for this Constructed Attribute
- `value_pattern` (Set of String) Specifies a pattern for constructing the attribute value using fixed text and attribute values from the entry.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Constructed Attribute resource. Options are ['constructed-attribute']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



