---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_internal_search_rate_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Internal Search Rate Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_default_internal_search_rate_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Internal Search Rate Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN to use for the searches to perform.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `filter_prefix` (String) Specifies a prefix which will be used in front of the randomly-selected numeric value in all search filters used. If no upper bound is defined, then this should contain the entire filter string.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `filter_suffix` (String) Specifies a suffix which will be used after of the randomly-selected numeric value in all search filters used. If no upper bound is defined, then this should be omitted.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `lower_bound` (Number) Specifies the lower bound for the numeric value which will be inserted into the search filter.
- `num_threads` (Number) Specifies the number of concurrent threads that should be used to process the search operations.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.
- `upper_bound` (Number) Specifies the upper bound for the numeric value which will be inserted into the search filter.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


