---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_replication_domain Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Replication Domain"
description: |-
  Manages a Replication Domain.
---

# pingdirectory_default_replication_domain (Resource)

Manages a Replication Domain.

A Replication Domain comprises of several Directory Server instances sharing the same synchronized set of data.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_replication_domain" "myReplicationDomain" {
  name                          = "MyReplicationDomain"
  synchronization_provider_name = "Multimaster Synchronization"
  server_id                     = 1234
  base_dn                       = "dc=example,dc=com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `synchronization_provider_name` (String) Name of the parent Synchronization Provider

### Optional

- `base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the replicated data.
- `dependent_ops_replay_failure_wait_time` (String) Defines how long to wait before retrying certain operations, specifically operations that might have failed because they depend on an operation from a different server that has not yet replicated to this instance.
- `heartbeat_interval` (String) Specifies the heartbeat interval that the Directory Server will use when communicating with Replication Servers.
- `on_replay_failure_wait_for_dependent_ops_timeout` (String) Defines the maximum time to retry a failed operation. An operation will be retried only if it appears that the failure might be dependent on an earlier operation from a different server that hasn't replicated yet. The frequency of the retry is determined by the dependent-ops-replay-failure-wait-time property.
- `restricted` (Boolean) When set to true, changes are only replicated with server instances that belong to the same replication set.
- `server_id` (Number) Specifies a unique identifier for the Directory Server within the Replication Domain.
- `sync_hist_purge_delay` (String) The time in seconds after which historical information used in replication conflict resolution is purged. The information is removed from entries when they are modified after the purge delay has elapsed.
- `window_size` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of replication updates the Directory Server can have outstanding from the Replication Server.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Replication Domain resource. Options are ['replication-domain']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Replication Domain requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_default_replication_domain.myReplicationDomain "[synchronization-provider-name]/[replication-domain-name]"
```

