---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_attribute_syntax Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Attribute Syntax"
description: |-
  Manages a Attribute Syntax.
---

# pingdirectory_default_attribute_syntax (Resource)

Manages a Attribute Syntax.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_attribute_syntax" "myAttributeSyntax" {
  name                    = "MyAttributeSyntax"
  enabled                 = false
  require_binary_transfer = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `allow_zero_length_values` (Boolean) Indicates whether zero-length (that is, an empty string) values are allowed.
- `enable_compaction` (Boolean) Indicates whether values of attributes with this syntax should be compacted when stored in a local DB database.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Attribute Syntax is enabled.
- `exclude_attribute_from_compaction` (Set of String) Specifies the specific attributes (which should be associated with this syntax) whose values should not be compacted. If one or more exclude attributes are specified, then values of those attributes will not have their values compacted. This property takes precedence over the include-attribute-in-compaction property.
- `include_attribute_in_compaction` (Set of String) Specifies the specific attributes (which should be associated with this syntax) whose values should be compacted. If one or more include attributes are specified, then only those attributes will have their values compacted. If not set then all attributes will have their values compacted. The exclude-attribute-from-compaction property takes precedence over this property.
- `require_binary_transfer` (Boolean) Indicates whether values of this attribute are required to have a "binary" transfer option as described in RFC 4522. Attributes with this syntax will generally be referenced with names including ";binary" (e.g., "userCertificate;binary").
- `strict_format` (Boolean) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `telephone-number`: Indicates whether to require telephone number values to strictly comply with the standard definition for this syntax.
  - `ldap-url`: Indicates whether values for attributes with this syntax will be required to be in the valid LDAP URL format. If this is set to false, then arbitrary strings will be allowed.
- `strip_syntax_min_upper_bound` (Boolean) Indicates whether the suggested minimum upper bound appended to an attribute's syntax OID in its schema definition Attribute Type Description should be stripped.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Attribute Syntax resource. Options are ['attribute-type-description', 'directory-string', 'telephone-number', 'distinguished-name', 'generalized-time', 'integer', 'uuid', 'generic', 'json-object', 'user-password', 'boolean', 'hex-string', 'bit-string', 'ldap-url', 'name-and-optional-uid']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "attributeSyntaxId" should be the name of the Attribute Syntax to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_attribute_syntax.myAttributeSyntax attributeSyntaxId
```

