---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_twilio_alert_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Alert Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Twilio Alert Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_twilio_alert_handler (Resource)

Manages a Twilio Alert Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this Twilio Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
- `description` (String) A description for this Alert Handler
- `disabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are disabled for this alert handler.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Alert Handler is enabled.
- `enabled_alert_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the alert severities for which this alert handler should be used. If no values are provided, then this alert handler will be enabled for alerts with any severity.
- `enabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are enabled for this alert handler.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Twilio service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `long_message_behavior` (String) The behavior to use for alert messages that are longer than the 160-character size limit for SMS messages.
- `recipient_phone_number` (Set of String) The phone number to which alert notifications should be delivered.
- `sender_phone_number` (Set of String) The outgoing phone number to use for the messages. Values must be phone numbers you have obtained for use with your Twilio account.
- `twilio_account_sid` (String) The unique identifier assigned to the Twilio account that will be used.
- `twilio_auth_token` (String, Sensitive) The auth token for the Twilio account that will be used.
- `twilio_auth_token_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider that may be used to obtain the auth token for the Twilio account that will be used.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



