---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_ldif_connection_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Ldif Connection Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_ldif_connection_handler (Resource)

Manages a Ldif Connection Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `allowed_client` (Set of String) Specifies a set of address masks that determines the addresses of the clients that are allowed to establish connections to this connection handler.
- `denied_client` (Set of String) Specifies a set of address masks that determines the addresses of the clients that are not allowed to establish connections to this connection handler.
- `description` (String) A description for this Connection Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Connection Handler is enabled.
- `ldif_directory` (String) Specifies the path to the directory in which the LDIF files should be placed.
- `poll_interval` (String) Specifies how frequently the LDIF connection handler should check the LDIF directory to determine whether a new LDIF file has been added.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


