---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_file_based_trust_manager_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Trust Manager Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a File Based Trust Manager Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_file_based_trust_manager_provider (Resource)

Manages a File Based Trust Manager Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the Trust Manager Provider is enabled for use.
- `include_jvm_default_issuers` (Boolean) Indicates whether certificates issued by an authority included in the JVM's set of default issuers should be automatically trusted, even if they would not otherwise be trusted by this provider.
- `trust_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the file containing the trust information. It can be an absolute path or a path that is relative to the Directory Server instance root.
- `trust_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_file` (String) Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the trust store file.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



