---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_ping_one_id_token_validator Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Id Token Validator"
description: |-
  Manages a Ping One Id Token Validator.
---

# pingdirectory_default_ping_one_id_token_validator (Resource)

Manages a Ping One Id Token Validator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `clock_skew_grace_period` (String) Specifies the amount of clock skew that is tolerated by the ID Token Validator when evaluating whether a token is within its valid time interval. The duration specified by this parameter will be subtracted from the token's not-before (nbf) time and added to the token's expiration (exp) time, if present, to allow for any time difference between the local server's clock and the token issuer's clock.
- `description` (String) A description for this ID Token Validator
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this ID Token Validator is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `evaluation_order_index` (Number) When multiple ID Token Validators are defined for a single Directory Server, this property determines the order in which the ID Token Validators are consulted. Values of this property must be unique among all ID Token Validators defined within Directory Server but not necessarily contiguous. ID Token Validators with lower values will be evaluated first to determine if they are able to validate the ID token.
- `identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the Identity Mapper that should be used to correlate an ID token subject value to a user entry. The claim name from which to obtain the subject (i.e. the currently logged-in user) may be configured using the subject-claim-name property.
- `issuer_url` (String) Specifies a PingOne base issuer URL.
- `jwks_cache_duration` (String) How often the ID Token Validator should refresh its cache of JWKS token signing keys.
- `openid_connect_metadata_cache_duration` (String) How often the PingOne ID Token Validator should refresh its stored cache of OpenID Connect-related metadata.
- `openid_connect_provider` (String) Specifies HTTPS connection settings for the PingOne OpenID Connect provider.
- `subject_claim_name` (String) The name of the token claim that contains the subject; i.e., the authenticated user.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



