---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_aggregate_identity_mapper Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "External Server"
description: |-
  Manages a Aggregate Identity Mapper.
---

# pingdirectory_default_aggregate_identity_mapper (Resource)

Manages a Aggregate Identity Mapper.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `all_included_identity_mapper` (Set of String) The set of identity mappers that must all match the target entry. Each identity mapper must uniquely match the same target entry. If any of the identity mappers match multiple entries, if any of them match zero entries, or if any of them match different entries, then the mapping will fail.
- `any_included_identity_mapper` (Set of String) The set of identity mappers that will be used to identify the target entry. At least one identity mapper must uniquely match an entry. If multiple identity mappers match entries, then they must all uniquely match the same entry. If none of the identity mappers match any entries, if any of them match multiple entries, or if any of them match different entries, then the mapping will fail.
- `description` (String) A description for this Identity Mapper
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Identity Mapper is enabled for use.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


