---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_deliver_password_reset_token_extended_operation_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Extended Operation Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Deliver Password Reset Token Extended Operation Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_deliver_password_reset_token_extended_operation_handler (Resource)

Manages a Deliver Password Reset Token Extended Operation Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `default_token_delivery_mechanism` (Set of String) The set of delivery mechanisms that may be used to deliver password reset tokens to users for requests that do not specify one or more preferred delivery mechanisms.
- `description` (String) A description for this Extended Operation Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Operation Handler is enabled (that is, whether the types of extended operations are allowed in the server).
- `password_generator` (String) The password generator that will be used to create the password reset token values to be delivered to the end user.
- `password_reset_token_validity_duration` (String) The maximum length of time that a password reset token should be considered valid.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



