---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_crypto_manager Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Crypto Manager"
description: |-
  Manages a Crypto Manager.
---

# pingdirectory_default_crypto_manager (Resource)

Manages a Crypto Manager.

The Crypto Manager provides a common interface for performing compression, decompression, hashing, encryption and other kinds of cryptographic operations.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_crypto_manager" "myCryptoManager" {
  mac_key_length    = 256
  cipher_key_length = 256
  ssl_cert_nickname = "ssl-certificate-alias"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_sec_config_tls_protocols_suites)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cipher_key_length` (Number) Specifies the key length in bits for the preferred cipher.
- `cipher_transformation` (String) Specifies the cipher for the Directory Server using the syntax algorithm/mode/padding.
- `digest_algorithm` (String) Specifies the preferred message digest algorithm for the Directory Server.
- `enable_rsa_key_exchange_cipher_suites` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable support for TLS cipher suites that use the RSA key exchange algorithm. Cipher suites that rely on RSA key exchange are not recommended because they do not support forward secrecy, which means that if the private key is compromised, then any communication negotiated using that private key should also be considered compromised.
- `enable_sha_1_cipher_suites` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable support for TLS cipher suites that use the SHA-1 digest algorithm. The SHA-1 digest algorithm is no longer considered secure and is not recommended for use.
- `key_wrapping_transformation` (String) The preferred key wrapping transformation for the Directory Server. This value must be the same for all server instances in a replication topology.
- `mac_algorithm` (String) Specifies the preferred MAC algorithm for the Directory Server.
- `mac_key_length` (Number) Specifies the key length in bits for the preferred MAC algorithm.
- `outbound_ssl_cipher_suite` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the TLS cipher suites that will be enabled for outbound connections initiated by the Directory Server.
- `outbound_ssl_protocol` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the TLS protocols that will be enabled for outbound connections initiated by the Directory Server.
- `signing_encryption_settings_id` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+. The ID of the encryption settings definition to use for generating digital signatures. If this is not specified, then the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used.
- `ssl_cert_nickname` (String) Specifies the nickname (also called the alias) of the certificate that the Crypto Manager should use when performing SSL communication.
- `ssl_cipher_suite` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the TLS cipher suites that are allowed for use in secure communication.
- `ssl_protocol` (Set of String) Specifies the names of TLS protocols that are allowed for use in secure communication.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Crypto Manager resource. Options are ['crypto-manager']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder
terraform import pingdirectory_default_crypto_manager.myCryptoManager id
```

