---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_common_log_file_http_operation_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Common Log File Http Operation Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_default_common_log_file_http_operation_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Common Log File Http Operation Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Common Log File HTTP Operation Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Common Log File HTTP Operation Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Common Log File HTTP Operation Log Publisher.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Common Log File HTTP Operation Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Common Log File HTTP Operation Log Publisher .
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

