---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_error_log_field_mapping Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Log Field Mapping"
description: |-
  Manages a Error Log Field Mapping.
---

# pingdirectory_default_error_log_field_mapping (Resource)

Manages a Error Log Field Mapping.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Log Field Mapping
- `log_field_category` (String) The category for the log message.
- `log_field_instance_name` (String) A name that uniquely identifies this Directory Server instance, which may be used to identify which instance was used to log the message if multiple server instances log to the same database table.
- `log_field_message` (String) The text of the log message.
- `log_field_message_id` (String) The numeric value which uniquely identifies the type of message.
- `log_field_product_name` (String) The name for this Directory Server product, which may be used to identify which product was used to log the message if multiple products log to the same database table.
- `log_field_severity` (String) The severity for the log message.
- `log_field_startupid` (String) The startup ID for the Directory Server. A different value will be generated each time the server is started.
- `log_field_timestamp` (String) The time that the log message was generated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



