---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_correlated_ldap_data_view Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Correlated Ldap Data View"
description: |-
  Manages a Correlated Ldap Data View.
---

# pingdirectory_default_correlated_ldap_data_view (Resource)

Manages a Correlated Ldap Data View.

Correlated LDAP Data Views persist a subset of LDAP attributes for a SCIM 2.0 Resource Type.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_correlated_ldap_view)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `scim_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent SCIM Resource Type

### Optional

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `create_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies the template to use for the DN when creating new entries.
- `include_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory that can be accessed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `include_operational_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the set of operational LDAP attributes to be provided by this Correlated LDAP Data View.
- `primary_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the parent SCIM Resource Type whose value will be used to match objects in the Correlated LDAP Data View. If multiple correlation attributes are required they may be created using additional correlation-attribute-pairs.
- `secondary_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the Correlated LDAP Data View whose value will be matched with the primary-correlation-attribute. If multiple correlation attributes are required they may be specified by creating additional correlation-attribute-pairs.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this Correlated LDAP Data View.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Correlated LDAP Data View resource. Options are ['correlated-ldap-data-view']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



