---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_rest_resource_type Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Rest Resource Type"
description: |-
  Manages a Rest Resource Type.
---

# pingdirectory_default_rest_resource_type (Resource)

Manages a Rest Resource Type.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this REST Resource Type.
- `create_rdn_attribute_type` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the LDAP attribute type to be used as the RDN of new resources.
- `delegated_admin_report_size_limit` (Number) The maximum number of resources that may be included in a report.
- `delegated_admin_search_size_limit` (Number) The maximum number of resources that may be returned from a search request.
- `description` (String) A description for this REST Resource Type
- `display_name` (String) A human readable display name for this REST Resource Type.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the REST Resource Type is enabled.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this REST Resource Type.
- `members_column_name` (String) Specifies the name of the group member column that will be displayed in the Delegated Admin UI
- `nonmembers_column_name` (String) Specifies the name of the group nonmember column that will be displayed in the Delegated Admin UI
- `parent_dn` (String) Specifies the DN of the parent entry for new resources of this type, when a parent resource is not provided by the app. The parent DN must be at or below the search base of this resource type.
- `parent_resource_type` (String) Specifies the name of another resource type which may be a parent of new resources of this type. The search base DN of the parent resource type must be at or above the search base DN of this resource type.
- `password_attribute_category` (String) Specifies which attribute category the password belongs to.
- `password_display_order_index` (Number) This property determines the display order for the password within its attribute category. Attributes are ordered within their category based on this index from least to greatest.
- `post_create_constructed_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies an attribute whose values are to be constructed when a new resource is created. The values are only set at creation time. Subsequent modifications to attributes in the constructed attribute value-pattern are not propagated here.
- `primary_display_attribute_type` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the LDAP attribute type which is the primary display attribute. This attribute type must be in the search filter pattern and must have a Delegated Admin Attribute definition.
- `relative_dn_from_parent_resource` (String) Specifies a template for a relative DN from the parent resource which identifies the parent entry for a new resource of this type. If this property is not specified then new resources are created immediately below the parent resource or parent DN.
- `resource_endpoint` (String) The HTTP addressable endpoint of this REST Resource Type relative to a REST API base URL. Do not include a leading '/'.
- `search_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory where resources of this type are located.
- `search_filter_pattern` (String) Specifies the LDAP filter that should be used when searching for resources matching provided search text. All attribute types in the filter pattern referencing the search text must have a Delegated Admin Attribute definition.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this REST Resource Type.
- `update_constructed_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies an attribute whose values are to be constructed when a resource is updated. The constructed values replace any existing values of the attribute.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of REST Resource Type resource. Options are ['user', 'generic', 'group']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



