---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_idle_account_data_security_auditor Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Data Security Auditor"
description: |-
  Manages a Idle Account Data Security Auditor. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
---

# pingdirectory_default_idle_account_data_security_auditor (Resource)

Manages a Idle Account Data Security Auditor. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `audit_backend` (Set of String) Specifies which backends the data security auditor may be applied to. By default, the data security auditors will audit entries in all backend types that support data auditing (Local DB, LDIF, and Config File Handler).
- `audit_severity` (String) Specifies the severity of events to include in the report.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Data Security Auditor is enabled for use.
- `idle_account_error_interval` (String) The length of time to use as the error interval for idle accounts. If the length of time since a user last authenticated is greater than the error interval, then an error will be generated for that account. If no error interval is defined, then only the warning interval will be used.
- `idle_account_warning_interval` (String) The length of time to use as the warning interval for idle accounts. If the length of time since a user last authenticated is greater than the warning interval but less than the error interval (or if it is greater than the warning interval and no error interval is defined), then a warning will be generated for that account.
- `include_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the attributes from the audited entries that should be included detailed reports. By default, no attributes are included.
- `never_logged_in_account_error_interval` (String) The length of time to use as the error interval for accounts that do not appear to have authenticated. If this is not specified, then the never-logged-in warning interval will be used. The idle account warning and error intervals will be used if no never-logged-in interval is configured.
- `never_logged_in_account_warning_interval` (String) The length of time to use as the warning interval for accounts that do not appear to have authenticated. If this is not specified, then the idle account warning interval will be used.
- `report_file` (String) Specifies the name of the detailed report file.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



