---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_vault_cipher_stream_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Cipher Stream Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Vault Cipher Stream Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_vault_cipher_stream_provider (Resource)

Manages a Vault Cipher Stream Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Cipher Stream Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Cipher Stream Provider is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `trust_store_file` (String) The path to a file containing the information needed to trust the certificate presented by the Vault servers.
- `trust_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) The passphrase needed to access the contents of the trust store. This is only required if a trust store file is required, and if that trust store requires a PIN to access its contents.
- `trust_store_type` (String) The store type for the specified trust store file. The value should likely be one of "JKS" or "PKCS12".
- `vault_authentication_method` (String) The mechanism used to authenticate to the Vault server.
- `vault_encryption_metadata_file` (String) The path to a file that will hold metadata about the encryption performed by this Vault Cipher Stream Provider.
- `vault_external_server` (String) An external server definition with information needed to connect and authenticate to the Vault server.
- `vault_secret_field_name` (String) The name of the field in the Vault secret record that contains the passphrase to use to generate the encryption key.
- `vault_secret_path` (String) The path to the desired secret in the Vault service. This will be appended to the value of the base-url property for the associated Vault external server.
- `vault_server_base_uri` (Set of String) The base URL needed to access the Vault server. The base URL should consist of the protocol ("http" or "https"), the server address (resolvable name or IP address), and the port number. For example, "https://vault.example.com:8200/".

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



