---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_snmp_alert_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Alert Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Snmp Alert Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_snmp_alert_handler (Resource)

Manages a Snmp Alert Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this SNMP Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
- `community_name` (String) Specifies the name of the community to which the traps will be sent.
- `description` (String) A description for this Alert Handler
- `disabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are disabled for this alert handler.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Alert Handler is enabled.
- `enabled_alert_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the alert severities for which this alert handler should be used. If no values are provided, then this alert handler will be enabled for alerts with any severity.
- `enabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are enabled for this alert handler.
- `server_host_name` (String) Specifies the address of the SNMP agent to which traps will be sent.
- `server_port` (Number) Specifies the port number of the SNMP agent to which traps will be sent.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



