---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_conjur_cipher_stream_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Cipher Stream Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Conjur Cipher Stream Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_conjur_cipher_stream_provider (Resource)

Manages a Conjur Cipher Stream Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `conjur_external_server` (String) An external server definition with information needed to connect and authenticate to the Conjur server.
- `conjur_secret_relative_path` (String) The portion of the path that follows the account name in the URI needed to obtain the secret passphrase to use to generate the encryption key. Any special characters in the path must be URL-encoded.
- `description` (String) A description for this Cipher Stream Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Cipher Stream Provider is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `encryption_metadata_file` (String) The path to a file that will hold metadata about the encryption performed by this Conjur Cipher Stream Provider.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



