---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_smtp_alert_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Alert Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Smtp Alert Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_smtp_alert_handler (Resource)

Manages a Smtp Alert Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this SMTP Alert Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver the alert notification) will not delay whatever processing the server was performing when the alert was generated.
- `description` (String) A description for this Alert Handler
- `disabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are disabled for this alert handler.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Alert Handler is enabled.
- `enabled_alert_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the alert severities for which this alert handler should be used. If no values are provided, then this alert handler will be enabled for alerts with any severity.
- `enabled_alert_type` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alert types that are enabled for this alert handler.
- `include_monitor_data_filter` (String) Include monitor entries that match this filter.
- `message_body` (String) Specifies the body that should be used for email messages generated by this alert handler.
- `message_subject` (String) Specifies the subject that should be used for email messages generated by this alert handler.
- `recipient_address` (Set of String) Specifies an email address to which the messages should be sent.
- `sender_address` (String) Specifies the email address to use as the sender for messages generated by this alert handler.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



