---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_syslog_json_http_operation_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Syslog Json Http Operation Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_default_syslog_json_http_operation_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Syslog Json Http Operation Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `include_instance_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server.
- `include_product_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server.
- `include_request_details_in_result_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether result log messages should include all of the elements of request log messages. This may be used to record a single message per operation with details about both the request and response.
- `include_startup_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted.
- `include_thread_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn=JVM Stack Trace,cn=monitor entry.
- `log_redirect_uri` (Boolean) Indicates whether the redirect URI (i.e., the value of the "Location" header from responses) should be included in response log messages.
- `log_request_authorization_type` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log the type of credentials given if an "Authorization" header was included in the request. Logging the authorization type may be useful, and is much more secure than logging the entire value of the "Authorization" header.
- `log_request_cookie_names` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log the names of any cookies included in an HTTP request. Logging cookie names may be useful and is much more secure than logging the entire content of the cookies (which may include sensitive information).
- `log_request_headers` (String) Indicates whether request log messages should include information about HTTP headers included in the request.
- `log_request_parameters` (String) Indicates what (if any) information about request parameters should be included in request log messages. Note that this will only be used for requests with a method other than GET, since GET request parameters will be included in the request URL.
- `log_request_protocol` (Boolean) Indicates whether request log messages should include information about the HTTP version specified in the request.
- `log_requests` (Boolean) Indicates whether to record a log message with information about requests received from the client.
- `log_response_cookie_names` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log the names of any cookies set in an HTTP response. Logging cookie names may be useful and is much more secure than logging the entire content of the cookies (which may include sensitive information).
- `log_response_headers` (String) Indicates whether response log messages should include information about HTTP headers included in the response.
- `log_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to record a log message with information about the result of processing a requested HTTP operation.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `suppressed_request_header_name` (Set of String) Specifies the case-insensitive names of request headers that should be omitted from log messages (e.g., for the purpose of brevity or security). This will only be used if the log-request-headers property has a value of true.
- `suppressed_request_parameter_name` (Set of String) Specifies the case-insensitive names of request parameters that should be omitted from log messages (e.g., for the purpose of brevity or security). This will only be used if the log-request-parameters property has a value of parameter-names or parameter-names-and-values.
- `suppressed_response_header_name` (Set of String) Specifies the case-insensitive names of response headers that should be omitted from log messages (e.g., for the purpose of brevity or security). This will only be used if the log-response-headers property has a value of true.
- `syslog_external_server` (Set of String) The syslog server to which messages should be sent.
- `syslog_facility` (String) The syslog facility to use for the messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON HTTP Operation Log Publisher.
- `syslog_message_application_name` (String) The application name that will be included in syslog messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON HTTP Operation Log Publisher.
- `syslog_message_host_name` (String) The local host name that will be included in syslog messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON HTTP Operation Log Publisher.
- `syslog_severity` (String) The syslog severity to use for the messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON HTTP Operation Log Publisher.
- `write_multi_line_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether the JSON objects should use a multi-line representation (with each object field and array value on its own line) that may be easier for administrators to read, but each message will be larger (because of additional spaces and end-of-line markers), and it may be more difficult to consume and parse through some text-oriented tools.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


