---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_groovy_scripted_http_servlet_extension Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Groovy Scripted Http Servlet Extension.
---

# pingdirectory_default_groovy_scripted_http_servlet_extension (Resource)

Manages a Groovy Scripted Http Servlet Extension.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `correlation_id_response_header` (String) Specifies the name of the HTTP response header that will contain a correlation ID value. Example values are "Correlation-Id", "X-Amzn-Trace-Id", and "X-Request-Id".
- `cross_origin_policy` (String) The cross-origin request policy to use for the HTTP Servlet Extension.
- `description` (String) A description for this HTTP Servlet Extension
- `response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for all requests.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted HTTP Servlet Extension. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted HTTP Servlet Extension.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


