---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_stats_collector_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Plugin"
description: |-
  Manages a Stats Collector Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_default_stats_collector_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Stats Collector Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_stats_collector_plugin" "myStatsCollectorPlugin" {
  id      = "Stats Collector"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `collection_interval` (String) Some of the calculated statistics, such as the average and maximum queue sizes, can use multiple samples within a log interval. This value controls how often samples are gathered, and setting this value too small can have an adverse impact on performance.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `entry_cache_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for each entry cache.
- `generate_collector_files` (Boolean) Indicates whether this plugin should store metric samples on disk for use by the Data Metrics Server. If the Stats Collector Plugin is only being used to collect metrics for one or more StatsD Monitoring Endpoints, then this can be set to false to prevent unnecessary I/O.
- `host_info` (Set of String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the host system resource utilization including CPU, memory, disk and network activity.
- `included_ldap_application` (Set of String) If statistics should not be included for all applications, this property names the subset of applications that should be included.
- `ldap_changelog_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for the LDAP changelog.
- `ldap_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the LDAP connection handlers.
- `local_db_backend_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the Local DB Backends.
- `per_application_ldap_stats` (String) Controls whether per application LDAP statistics are included in the output for selected LDAP operation statistics.
- `replication_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about replication.
- `sample_interval` (String) The duration between statistics collections. Setting this value too small can have an impact on performance. This value should be a multiple of collection-interval.
- `server_info` (String) Specifies whether statistics related to resource utilization such as JVM memory and CPU/Network/Disk utilization.
- `status_summary_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the status summary monitor entry.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "statsCollectorPluginId" should be the id of the Stats Collector Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_stats_collector_plugin.myStatsCollectorPlugin statsCollectorPluginId
```

