---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_certificate_mapper Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Certificate Mapper"
description: |-
  Manages a Certificate Mapper.
---

# pingdirectory_default_certificate_mapper (Resource)

Manages a Certificate Mapper.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Certificate Mapper
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Certificate Mapper is enabled.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Certificate Mapper. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Certificate Mapper.
- `fingerprint_algorithm` (String) Specifies the name of the digest algorithm to compute the fingerprint of client certificates.
- `fingerprint_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute in which to look for the fingerprint.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Certificate Mapper. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Certificate Mapper.
- `subject_attribute` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the attribute whose value should exactly match the certificate subject DN.
- `subject_attribute_mapping` (Set of String) Specifies a mapping between certificate attributes and user attributes.
- `user_base_dn` (Set of String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`subject-dn-to-user-attribute`, `subject-attribute-to-user-attribute`]: Specifies the base DNs that should be used when performing searches to map the client certificate to a user entry.
  - `fingerprint`: Specifies the set of base DNs below which to search for users.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Certificate Mapper resource. Options are ['subject-equals-dn', 'subject-dn-to-user-attribute', 'groovy-scripted', 'subject-attribute-to-user-attribute', 'fingerprint', 'third-party']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



