---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_passphrase_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Passphrase Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Passphrase Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_passphrase_provider (Resource)

Manages a Passphrase Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `aws_external_server` (String) The external server with information to use when interacting with the AWS Secrets Manager.
- `azure_authentication_method` (String) The mechanism used to authenticate to the Azure service.
- `conjur_external_server` (String) An external server definition with information needed to connect and authenticate to the Conjur instance containing the passphrase.
- `conjur_secret_relative_path` (String) The portion of the path that follows the account name in the URI needed to obtain the desired secret. Any special characters in the path must be URL-encoded.
- `description` (String) A description for this Passphrase Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Passphrase Provider is enabled for use in the server.
- `environment_variable` (String) The name of the environment variable that is expected to hold the passphrase.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Passphrase Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Passphrase Provider.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+. A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Azure service.
- `key_vault_uri` (String) The URI that identifies the Azure Key Vault from which the secret is to be retrieved.
- `max_cache_duration` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`amazon-secrets-manager`, `vault`]: The maximum length of time that the passphrase provider may cache the passphrase that has been read from Vault. A value of zero seconds indicates that the provider should always attempt to read the passphrase from Vault.
  - `azure-key-vault`: The maximum length of time that the passphrase provider may cache the passphrase that has been read from Azure Key Vault. A value of zero seconds indicates that the provider should always attempt to read the passphrase from the Azure service.
  - `file-based`: The maximum length of time that the passphrase provider may cache the passphrase that has been read from the target file. A value of zero seconds indicates that the provider should always attempt to read the passphrase from the file.
  - `conjur`: The maximum length of time that the passphrase provider may cache the passphrase that has been read from Conjur. A value of zero seconds indicates that the provider should always attempt to read the passphrase from Conjur.
- `obscured_value` (String, Sensitive) The value to be stored in an obscured form.
- `password_file` (String) The path to the file containing the passphrase.
- `secret_field_name` (String) The name of the JSON field whose value is the passphrase that will be retrieved.
- `secret_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) or the user-friendly name of the secret to be retrieved.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret to retrieve.
- `secret_version_id` (String) The unique identifier for the version of the secret to be retrieved.
- `secret_version_stage` (String) The staging label for the version of the secret to be retrieved.
- `vault_external_server` (String) An external server definition with information needed to connect and authenticate to the Vault instance containing the passphrase.
- `vault_secret_field_name` (String) The name of the field in the Vault secret record that contains the passphrase to use to generate the encryption key.
- `vault_secret_path` (String) The path to the desired secret in the Vault service. This will be appended to the value of the base-url property for the associated Vault external server.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Passphrase Provider resource. Options are ['environment-variable', 'amazon-secrets-manager', 'obscured-value', 'azure-key-vault', 'file-based', 'conjur', 'vault', 'third-party']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



