---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_velocity_http_servlet_extension Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Velocity Http Servlet Extension.
---

# pingdirectory_default_velocity_http_servlet_extension (Resource)

Manages a Velocity Http Servlet Extension.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_velocity_http_servlet_extension" "myVelocityHttpServletExtension" {
  id = "Velocity"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `allow_context_override` (Boolean) Indicates whether context providers may override existing context objects with new values.
- `base_context_path` (String) The context path to use to access all template-based and static content. The value must start with a forward slash and must represent a valid HTTP context path.
- `character_encoding` (String) Specifies the value that will be used for all responses' Content-Type headers' charset parameter that indicates the character encoding of the document.
- `correlation_id_response_header` (String) Specifies the name of the HTTP response header that will contain a correlation ID value. Example values are "Correlation-Id", "X-Amzn-Trace-Id", and "X-Request-Id".
- `cross_origin_policy` (String) The cross-origin request policy to use for the HTTP Servlet Extension.
- `default_mime_type` (String) Specifies the default value that will be used in the response's Content-Type header that indicates the type of content to return.
- `description` (String) A description for this HTTP Servlet Extension
- `expose_request_attributes` (Boolean) Specifies whether the HTTP request will be exposed to templates.
- `expose_server_context` (Boolean) Specifies whether a server context will be exposed under context key 'ubid_server' for all template contexts.
- `expose_session_attributes` (Boolean) Specifies whether the HTTP session will be exposed to templates.
- `identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the identity mapper that is to be used for associating basic authentication credentials with user entries.
- `mime_types_file` (String) Specifies the path to a file that contains MIME type mappings that will be used to determine the appropriate value to return for the Content-Type header based on the extension of the requested static content file.
- `require_authentication` (Boolean) Require authentication when accessing Velocity templates.
- `response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for all template page requests.
- `static_content_directory` (String) Specifies the base directory in which static, non-template content such as images, CSS, and Javascript files are stored on the filesystem.
- `static_context_path` (String) The path below the base context path by which static, non-template content such as images, CSS, and Javascript files are accessible.
- `static_custom_directory` (String) Specifies the base directory in which custom static, non-template content such as images, CSS, and Javascript files are stored on the filesystem. Files in this directory will override those with the same name in the directory specified by the static-content-directory property.
- `static_response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for static content requests such as images and scripts.
- `template_directory` (Set of String) Specifies an ordered list of directories in which to search for the template files.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
# "velocityHttpServletExtensionId" should be the id of the Velocity Http Servlet Extension to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_velocity_http_servlet_extension.myVelocityHttpServletExtension velocityHttpServletExtensionId
```