---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_audit_data_security_recurring_task Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Audit Data Security Recurring Task. Supported in PingDirectory version 9.2.0.0+
---

# pingdirectory_default_audit_data_security_recurring_task (Resource)

Manages a Audit Data Security Recurring Task. Supported in PingDirectory version 9.2.0.0+



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_on_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully.
- `alert_on_start` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running.
- `alert_on_success` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully.
- `backend` (Set of String) The set of backends that should be examined. If no backends are specified, then all backends that support this functionality will be included.
- `base_output_directory` (String) The base directory below which generated reports will be written. Each invocation of the audit-data-security task will create a new subdirectory below this base directory whose name is a timestamp indicating when the report was generated.
- `cancel_on_task_dependency_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance of this Recurring Task should be canceled if the task immediately before it in the recurring task chain fails to complete successfully (including if it is canceled by an administrator before it starts or while it is running).
- `data_security_auditor` (Set of String) The set of data security auditors that should be invoked. If no auditors are specified, then all auditors defined in the configuration will be used.
- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task
- `email_on_failure` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent if an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_start` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_success` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) A filter that will be used to identify entries that may be included in the generated report. If multiple filters are specified, then any entry that matches at least one of the filters will be included. If no filters are specified, then all entries will be included.
- `retain_previous_report_age` (String) The minimum age of previous reports that should be preserved after a new report completes successfully.
- `retain_previous_report_count` (Number) The minimum number of previous reports that should be preserved after a new report is generated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


