---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_azure_key_vault_cipher_stream_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Cipher Stream Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Azure Key Vault Cipher Stream Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_azure_key_vault_cipher_stream_provider (Resource)

Manages a Azure Key Vault Cipher Stream Provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `azure_authentication_method` (String) The mechanism used to authenticate to the Azure service.
- `description` (String) A description for this Cipher Stream Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Cipher Stream Provider is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `encryption_metadata_file` (String) The path to a file that will hold metadata about the encryption performed by this Azure Key Vault Cipher Stream Provider.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Azure service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `key_vault_uri` (String) The URI that identifies the Azure Key Vault from which the secret is to be retrieved.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



