---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_local_db_composite_index Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Local Db Composite Index"
description: |-
  Manages a Local Db Composite Index.
---

# pingdirectory_default_local_db_composite_index (Resource)

Manages a Local Db Composite Index.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_composite_indexes)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend_name` (String) Name of the parent Backend
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `cache_mode` (String) The behavior that the server should exhibit when storing information from this index in the database cache.
- `description` (String) A description for this Local DB Composite Index
- `index_base_dn_pattern` (String) An optional base DN pattern that identifies portions of the DIT in which entries to index may exist.
- `index_entry_limit` (Number) The maximum number of entries that any single index key will be allowed to match before the server stops maintaining the ID set for that index key.
- `index_filter_pattern` (String) A filter pattern that identifies which entries to include in the index.
- `prime_index` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should load the contents of this index into memory when the backend is being opened.
- `prime_internal_nodes_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether to only prime the internal nodes of the index database, rather than priming both internal and leaf nodes.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Local DB Composite Index resource. Options are ['local-db-composite-index']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



