---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_ping_one_http_external_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "External Server"
description: |-
  Manages a Ping One Http External Server.
---

# pingdirectory_default_ping_one_http_external_server (Resource)

Manages a Ping One Http External Server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `connect_timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for a connection to be established before aborting a request to PingOne.
- `description` (String) A description for this External Server
- `hostname_verification_method` (String) The mechanism for checking if the hostname in the PingOne ID Token Validator's base-url value matches the name(s) stored inside the X.509 certificate presented by PingOne.
- `response_timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for response data to be read from an established connection before aborting a request to PingOne.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) The trust manager provider to use for HTTPS connection-level security.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


