---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_replication_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Replication Server"
description: |-
  Manages a Replication Server.
---

# pingdirectory_default_replication_server (Resource)

Manages a Replication Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_replication_server" "myReplicationServer" {
  synchronization_provider_name = "Multimaster Synchronization"
  replication_server_id         = 26554
  replication_port              = 8989
  gateway_priority              = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `synchronization_provider_name` (String) Name of the parent Synchronization Provider

### Optional

- `compression_criteria` (String) Specifies when the replication traffic should be compressed.
- `gateway_priority` (Number) Specifies the gateway priority of the Replication Server in the current location.
- `heartbeat_interval` (String) Specifies the heartbeat interval that the Directory Server will use when communicating with Replication Servers.
- `je_property` (Set of String) Specifies the database and environment properties for the Berkeley DB Java Edition database for the replication changelog.
- `listen_on_all_addresses` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Replication Server should listen on all addresses for this host. If set to FALSE, then the Replication Server will listen only to the address resolved from the hostname provided.
- `remote_monitor_update_interval` (String) Specifies the duration that topology monitor data will be cached before it is requested again from a remote server.
- `replication_db_directory` (String) The path where the Replication Server stores all persistent information.
- `replication_port` (Number) The port on which this Replication Server waits for connections from other Replication Servers or Directory Server instances.
- `replication_purge_delay` (String) Changes are guaranteed to be maintained in the changelog database for at least this duration. Setting target-database-size can allow additional changes to be maintained up to the configured size on disk.
- `replication_server_id` (Number) Specifies a unique identifier for the Replication Server.
- `restricted_domain` (Set of String) Specifies the base DN of domains that are only replicated between server instances that belong to the same replication set.
- `target_database_size` (String) The replication changelog database is allowed to grow up to this size even if changes are older than the configured replication-purge-delay.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder
terraform import pingdirectory_default_replication_server.myReplicationServer id
```

