---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_prometheus_monitor_attribute_metric Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric"
description: |-
  Manages a Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric.
---

# pingdirectory_default_prometheus_monitor_attribute_metric (Resource)

Manages a Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http_servlet_extension_name` (String) Name of the parent HTTP Servlet Extension
- `metric_name` (String) The name that will be used in the metric to be consumed by Prometheus.

### Optional

- `filter` (String) A filter that may be used to restrict the set of monitor entries for which the metric should be generated.
- `label_name_value_pair` (Set of String) A set of name-value pairs for labels that should be included in the published metric for the target attribute.
- `metric_description` (String) A human-readable description that should be published as part of the metric definition.
- `metric_type` (String) The metric type that should be used for the value of the specified monitor attribute.
- `monitor_attribute_name` (String) The name of the monitor attribute that contains the numeric value to be published.
- `monitor_object_class_name` (String) The name of the object class for monitor entries that contain the monitor attribute.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



