---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_third_party_data_security_auditor Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Data Security Auditor"
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party Data Security Auditor. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
---

# pingdirectory_default_third_party_data_security_auditor (Resource)

Manages a Third Party Data Security Auditor. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `audit_backend` (Set of String) Specifies which backends the data security auditor may be applied to. By default, the data security auditors will audit entries in all backend types that support data auditing (Local DB, LDIF, and Config File Handler).
- `audit_severity` (String) Specifies the severity of events to include in the report.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Data Security Auditor is enabled for use.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Data Security Auditor. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Data Security Auditor.
- `include_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the attributes from the audited entries that should be included detailed reports. By default, no attributes are included.
- `report_file` (String) Specifies the name of the detailed report file.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



