---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_indicator_gauge Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Indicator Gauge.
---

# pingdirectory_default_indicator_gauge (Resource)

Manages a Indicator Gauge.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_level` (String) Specifies the level at which alerts are sent for alarms raised by this Gauge.
- `critical_value` (String) A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be critical.
- `description` (String) A description for this Gauge
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Gauge is enabled.
- `exclude_resource` (Set of String) Specifies resources to exclude from being monitored.
- `gauge_data_source` (String) Specifies the source of data to use in determining this Indicator Gauge's severity and status.
- `include_resource` (Set of String) Specifies set of resources to be monitored.
- `major_value` (String) A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity will be 'major'.
- `minor_value` (String) A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity will be 'minor'.
- `override_severity` (String) When defined, causes this Gauge to assume the specified severity, overriding its computed severity. This is useful for testing alarms generated by Gauges as well as suppressing alarms for known conditions.
- `samples_per_update_interval` (Number) Indicates the number of times the monitor data source value will be collected during the update interval.
- `server_degraded_severity_level` (String) Specifies the alarm severity level at or above which the server is considered degraded.
- `server_unavailable_severity_level` (String) Specifies the alarm severity level at or above which the server is considered unavailable.
- `update_interval` (String) The frequency with which this Gauge is updated.
- `warning_value` (String) A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity will be 'warning'.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

