---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_gssapi_sasl_mechanism_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sasl Mechanism Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Gssapi Sasl Mechanism Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_gssapi_sasl_mechanism_handler (Resource)

Manages a Gssapi Sasl Mechanism Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_gssapi_sasl_mechanism_handler" "myGssapiSaslMechanismHandler" {
  id              = "MyGssapiSaslMechanismHandler"
  identity_mapper = "Exact Match"
  enabled         = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `allow_null_server_fqdn` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to allow a null value for the server-fqdn.
- `allowed_quality_of_protection` (Set of String) Specifies the supported quality of protection (QoP) levels that clients will be permitted to request when performing GSSAPI authentication.
- `alternate_authorization_identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the identity mapper that is to be used with this SASL mechanism handler to map the alternate authorization identity (if provided, and if different from the Kerberos principal used as the authentication identity) to the corresponding user in the directory. If no value is specified, then the mapper specified in the identity-mapper configuration property will be used.
- `description` (String) A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler
- `enable_debug` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable debugging for the Java GSSAPI provider. Debug information will be written to standard output, which should be captured in the server.out log file.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use.
- `gssapi_role` (String) Specifies the role that should be declared for the server in the generated JAAS configuration file.
- `identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the identity mapper that is to be used with this SASL mechanism handler to match the Kerberos principal included in the SASL bind request to the corresponding user in the directory.
- `jaas_config_file` (String) Specifies the path to a JAAS (Java Authentication and Authorization Service) configuration file that provides the information that the JVM should use for Kerberos processing.
- `kdc_address` (String) Specifies the address of the KDC that is to be used for Kerberos processing.
- `kerberos_service_principal` (String) Specifies the Kerberos service principal that the Directory Server will use to identify itself to the KDC.
- `keytab` (String) Specifies the keytab file that should be used for Kerberos processing.
- `realm` (String) Specifies the realm to be used for GSSAPI authentication.
- `server_fqdn` (String) Specifies the DNS-resolvable fully-qualified domain name for the system.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "gssapiSaslMechanismHandlerId" should be the id of the Gssapi Sasl Mechanism Handler to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_gssapi_sasl_mechanism_handler.myGssapiSaslMechanismHandler gssapiSaslMechanismHandlerId
```

