---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_console_json_error_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Console Json Error Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_default_console_json_error_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Console Json Error Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_console_json_error_log_publisher" "myConsoleJsonErrorLogPublisher" {
  id      = "Console JSON Error Logger"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `default_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the default severity levels for the logger.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Console JSON Error Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `generify_message_strings_when_possible` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use the generified version of the log message string (which may use placeholders like %s for a string or %d for an integer), rather than the version of the message with those placeholders replaced with specific values that would normally be written to the log.
- `include_instance_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server.
- `include_product_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server.
- `include_startup_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted.
- `include_thread_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn=JVM Stack Trace,cn=monitor entry.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `output_location` (String) Specifies the output stream to which JSON-formatted error log messages should be written.
- `override_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the override severity levels for the logger based on the category of the messages.
- `write_multi_line_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether the JSON objects should be formatted to span multiple lines with a single element on each line. The multi-line format is potentially more user friendly (if administrators may need to look at the log files), but each message will be larger because of the additional spaces and end-of-line markers.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "consoleJsonErrorLogPublisherId" should be the id of the Console Json Error Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_console_json_error_log_publisher.myConsoleJsonErrorLogPublisher consoleJsonErrorLogPublisherId
```
