---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_server_instance Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Server Instance"
description: |-
  Manages a Server Instance.
---

# pingdirectory_default_server_instance (Resource)

Manages a Server Instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_directory_server_instance" "myServerInstance" {
  name                 = "MyServerInstance"
  server_instance_name = "MyDirectoryServerInstance"
  server_version       = "9.3.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `base_dn` (Set of String) The set of base DNs under the root DSE.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to which this Server Instance belongs. Server instances within the same cluster will share the same cluster-wide configuration.
- `hostname` (String) The name of the host where this Server Instance is installed.
- `http_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for HTTP connections.
- `https_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for HTTPS connections.
- `inter_server_certificate` (String) The public component of the certificate used by this instance to protect inter-server communication and to perform server-specific encryption. This will generally be managed by the server and should only be altered by administrators under explicit direction from Ping Identity support personnel.
- `jmx_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for JMX connections.
- `jmxs_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for JMX secure connections.
- `ldap_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for LDAP connections.
- `ldaps_port` (Number) The TCP port on which this server is listening for LDAP secure connections.
- `load_balancing_algorithm_name` (Set of String) The name of the configuration object for a load-balancing algorithm that should include this server.
- `member_of_server_group` (Set of String) The set of groups of which this server is a member.
- `preferred_security` (String) Specifies the preferred mechanism to use for securing connections to the server.
- `replication_domain_server_id` (Set of Number) Specifies a unique identifier for the Directory Server within the replication domain.
- `replication_port` (Number) The replication TCP port.
- `replication_server_id` (Number) Specifies a unique identifier for the replication server on this server instance.
- `replication_set_name` (String) The name of the replication set assigned to this Directory Server. Restricted domains are only replicated within instances using the same replication set name.
- `server_instance_location` (String) Specifies the location for the Server Instance.
- `server_instance_name` (String) The name of this Server Instance. The instance name needs to be unique if this server will be part of a topology of servers that are connected to each other. Once set, it may not be changed.
- `server_instance_type` (String) Specifies the type of server installation.
- `server_root` (String) The file system path where this Server Instance is installed.
- `server_version` (String) The version of the server.
- `start_tls_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether StartTLS is enabled on this server.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Server Instance resource. Options are ['proxy', 'metrics-engine', 'authorize', 'directory', 'sync']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "serverInstanceId" should be the name of the Server Instance to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_server_instance.myServerInstance serverInstanceId
```

