---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_scim_resource_type Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Scim Resource Type"
description: |-
  Manages a Scim Resource Type.
---

# pingdirectory_default_scim_resource_type (Resource)

Manages a Scim Resource Type.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `core_schema` (String) The core schema enforced on core attributes at the top level of a SCIM resource representation exposed by thisMapping SCIM Resource Type.
- `create_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies the template to use for the DN when creating new entries.
- `description` (String) A description for this SCIM Resource Type
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SCIM Resource Type is enabled.
- `endpoint` (String) The HTTP addressable endpoint of this SCIM Resource Type relative to the '/scim/v2' base URL. Do not include a leading '/'.
- `include_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory that can be accessed by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this SCIM Resource Type.
- `include_operational_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the set of operational LDAP attributes to be provided by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `lookthrough_limit` (Number) The maximum number of resources that the SCIM Resource Type should "look through" in the course of processing a search request.
- `optional_schema_extension` (Set of String) Optional additive schemas that are enforced on extension attributes in a SCIM resource representation for this Mapping SCIM Resource Type.
- `required_schema_extension` (Set of String) Required additive schemas that are enforced on extension attributes in a SCIM resource representation for this Mapping SCIM Resource Type.
- `schema_checking_option` (Set of String) Options to alter the way schema checking is performed during create or modify requests.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `type` (String) The type of SCIM Resource Type resource. Options are ['ldap-pass-through', 'ldap-mapping']

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



