---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_root_dse_backend Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Root Dse Backend"
description: |-
  Manages a Root Dse Backend.
---

# pingdirectory_default_root_dse_backend (Resource)

Manages a Root Dse Backend.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `additional_supported_control_oid` (Set of String) Specifies an additional OID that should appear in the list of supportedControl values in the server's root DSE.
- `show_all_attributes` (Boolean) Indicates whether all attributes in the root DSE are to be treated like user attributes (and therefore returned to clients by default) regardless of the Directory Server schema configuration.
- `subordinate_base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the set of base DNs used for singleLevel, wholeSubtree, and subordinateSubtree searches based at the root DSE.
- `use_legacy_vendor_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server's root DSE should reflect current or legacy values for the vendorName and vendorVersion attributes.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



