---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_unboundid_yubikey_otp_sasl_mechanism_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sasl Mechanism Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Unboundid Yubikey Otp Sasl Mechanism Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_unboundid_yubikey_otp_sasl_mechanism_handler (Resource)

Manages a Unboundid Yubikey Otp Sasl Mechanism Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_unboundid_yubikey_otp_sasl_mechanism_handler" "myUnboundidYubikeyOtpSaslMechanismHandler" {
  id              = "MyUnboundidYubikeyOtpSaslMechanismHandler"
  identity_mapper = "Exact Match"
  enabled         = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the YubiKey validation service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that should be used to identify the user(s) targeted in the authentication and/or authorization identities contained in the bind request. This will only be used for "u:"-style identities.
- `key_manager_provider` (String) Specifies which key manager provider should be used to obtain a client certificate to present to the validation server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if communication will not be secured with HTTPS, or if there is no need to present a client certificate to the validation service.
- `require_static_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether a user will be required to provide a static password when authenticating via the UNBOUNDID-YUBIKEY-OTP SASL mechanism.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) Specifies which trust manager provider should be used to determine whether to trust the certificate presented by the server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if HTTPS communication is not needed, or if the validation service presents a certificate that is trusted by the default JVM configuration (which should be the case for the validation servers that Yubico provides, but may not be the case if an alternate validation server is configured).
- `yubikey_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key needed to verify signatures generated by the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/.
- `yubikey_api_key_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the API key needed to verify signatures generated by the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/.
- `yubikey_client_id` (String) The client ID to include in requests to the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/.
- `yubikey_validation_server_base_url` (Set of String) The base URL of the validation server to use to verify one-time passwords. You should only need to change the value if you wish to use your own validation server instead of using one of the Yubico servers. The server must use the YubiKey Validation Protocol version 2.0.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "unboundidYubikeyOtpSaslMechanismHandlerId" should be the id of the Unboundid Yubikey Otp Sasl Mechanism Handler to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_unboundid_yubikey_otp_sasl_mechanism_handler.myUnboundidYubikeyOtpSaslMechanismHandler unboundidYubikeyOtpSaslMechanismHandlerId
```

