---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_simple_search_reference_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Search Reference Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Simple Search Reference Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_default_simple_search_reference_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Simple Search Reference Criteria.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `all_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that must be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must contain all of those controls.
- `any_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that may be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must contain at least one of those controls.
- `description` (String) A description for this Search Reference Criteria
- `none_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that must not be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must not contain any of those controls.
- `not_all_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that should not be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must not contain at least one of those controls (that is, it may contain zero or more of those controls, but not all of them).
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a request criteria object that must match the associated request for references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



