---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_key_pair Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Key Pair"
description: |-
  Manages a Key Pair.
---

# pingdirectory_default_key_pair (Resource)

Manages a Key Pair.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `certificate_chain` (String) The PEM-encoded X.509 certificate chain.
- `key_algorithm` (String) The algorithm name and the length in bits of the key, e.g. RSA_2048.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The base64-encoded private key that is encrypted using the preferred encryption settings definition.
- `self_signed_certificate_validity` (String) The validity period for a self-signed certificate. If not specified, the self-signed certificate will be valid for approximately 20 years. This is not used when importing an existing key-pair. The system will not automatically rotate expired certificates. It is up to the administrator to do that when that happens.
- `subject_dn` (String) The DN that should be used as the subject for the self-signed certificate and certificate signing request. This is not used when importing an existing key-pair.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Key Pair resource. Options are ['key-pair']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



