---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_amazon_aws_external_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "External Server"
description: |-
  Manages a Amazon Aws External Server.
---

# pingdirectory_default_amazon_aws_external_server (Resource)

Manages a Amazon Aws External Server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `authentication_method` (String) The mechanism to use to authenticate to AWS. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The access key ID that will be used if authentication should use an access key. If this is provided, then an aws-secret-access-key must also be provided.
- `aws_region_name` (String) The name of the AWS region containing the resources that will be accessed.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key that will be used if authentication should use an access key. If this is provided, then an aws-access-key-id must also be provided.
- `description` (String) A description for this External Server
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the AWS service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



