---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_password_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Password Policy"
description: |-
  Manages a Password Policy.
---

# pingdirectory_default_password_policy (Resource)

Manages a Password Policy.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `account_status_notification_handler` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the account status notification handlers that are used with the associated password storage scheme.
- `allow_expired_password_changes` (Boolean) Indicates whether a user whose password is expired is still allowed to change that password using the password modify extended operation.
- `allow_multiple_password_values` (Boolean) Indicates whether user entries can have multiple distinct values for the password attribute.
- `allow_pre_encoded_passwords` (String) Indicates whether users can change their passwords by providing a pre-encoded value. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.3.0.0+.
- `allow_user_password_changes` (Boolean) Indicates whether users can change their own passwords.
- `allowed_password_reset_token_use_condition` (Set of String) The set of conditions under which a user governed by this Password Policy will be permitted to generate a password reset token via the deliver password reset token extended operation, and to use that token in lieu of the current password via the password modify extended operation.
- `bind_password_validation_failure_action` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if a bind password fails validation by one or more of the configured bind password validators.
- `bind_password_validator` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the password validators that should be invoked for bind operations.
- `default_password_storage_scheme` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the password storage schemes that are used to encode clear-text passwords for this password policy.
- `deprecated_password_storage_scheme` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the password storage schemes that are considered deprecated for this password policy.
- `description` (String) A description for this Password Policy
- `enable_debug` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable debugging for the password policy state.
- `expire_passwords_without_warning` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Directory Server allows a user's password to expire even if that user has never seen an expiration warning notification.
- `failure_lockout_action` (String) The action that the server should take for authentication attempts that target a user with more than the configured number of outstanding authentication failures.
- `force_change_on_add` (Boolean) Indicates whether users are forced to change their passwords upon first authenticating to the Directory Server after their account has been created.
- `force_change_on_reset` (Boolean) Indicates whether users are forced to change their passwords if they are reset by an administrator. If a user's password is changed by any other user, that is considered an administrative password reset.
- `grace_login_count` (Number) Specifies the number of grace logins that a user is allowed after the account has expired to allow that user to choose a new password.
- `idle_lockout_interval` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that an account may remain idle (that is, the associated user does not authenticate to the server) before that user is locked out.
- `ignore_duplicate_password_failures` (Boolean) Indicates whether to ignore subsequent authentication failures using the same password as an earlier failed authentication attempt (within the time frame defined by the lockout failure expiration interval). If this option is "true", then multiple failed attempts using the same password will be considered only a single failure. If this option is "false", then any failure will be tracked regardless of whether it used the same password as an earlier attempt.
- `last_login_ip_address_attribute` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the attribute type that is used to hold the IP address of the client from which the user last authenticated.
- `last_login_time_attribute` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the attribute type that is used to hold the last login time for users with the associated password policy.
- `last_login_time_format` (String) Specifies the format string that is used to generate the last login time value for users with the associated password policy. Last login time values will be written using the UTC (also known as GMT, or Greenwich Mean Time) time zone.
- `lockout_duration` (String) Specifies the length of time that an account is locked after too many authentication failures.
- `lockout_failure_count` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of authentication failures that a user is allowed before the account is locked out.
- `lockout_failure_expiration_interval` (String) Specifies the length of time before an authentication failure is no longer counted against a user for the purposes of account lockout.
- `max_password_age` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that a user can continue using the same password before it must be changed (that is, the password expiration interval).
- `max_password_reset_age` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that users have to change passwords after they have been reset by an administrator before they become locked.
- `max_retired_password_age` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that a retired password should be considered valid and may be used to authenticate to the server.
- `maximum_recent_login_history_failed_authentication_count` (Number) The maximum number of failed authentication attempts to include in the recent login history for each account.
- `maximum_recent_login_history_failed_authentication_duration` (String) The maximum age of failed authentication attempts to include in the recent login history for each account.
- `maximum_recent_login_history_successful_authentication_count` (Number) The maximum number of successful authentication attempts to include in the recent login history for each account.
- `maximum_recent_login_history_successful_authentication_duration` (String) The maximum age of successful authentication attempts to include in the recent login history for each account.
- `min_password_age` (String) Specifies the minimum length of time after a password change before the user is allowed to change the password again.
- `minimum_bind_password_validation_frequency` (String) Indicates how frequently password validation should be performed during bind operations for each user to whom this password policy is assigned.
- `password_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute type used to hold user passwords.
- `password_change_requires_current_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether user password changes must use the password modify extended operation and must include the user's current password before the change is allowed.
- `password_expiration_warning_interval` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time before a user's password actually expires that the server begins to include warning notifications in bind responses for that user.
- `password_generator` (String) Specifies the name of the password generator that is used with the associated password policy.
- `password_history_count` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of former passwords to maintain in the password history.
- `password_history_duration` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that passwords remain in the password history.
- `password_retirement_behavior` (Set of String) Specifies the conditions under which the server may retire a user's current password in the course of setting a new password for that user (whether via a modify operation or a password modify extended operation).
- `password_validator` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the password validators that are used with the associated password storage scheme.
- `previous_last_login_time_format` (Set of String) Specifies the format string(s) that might have been used with the last login time at any point in the past for users associated with the password policy.
- `recent_login_history_similar_attempt_behavior` (String) The behavior that the server will exhibit when multiple similar authentication attempts (with the same values for the successful, authentication-method, client-ip-address, and failure-reason fields) are processed for an account.
- `require_change_by_time` (String) Specifies the time by which all users with the associated password policy must change their passwords.
- `require_secure_authentication` (Boolean) Indicates whether users with the associated password policy are required to authenticate in a secure manner.
- `require_secure_password_changes` (Boolean) Indicates whether users with the associated password policy are required to change their password in a secure manner that does not expose the credentials.
- `return_password_expiration_controls` (String) Indicates whether the server should return the password expiring and password expired response controls (as described in draft-vchu-ldap-pwd-policy).
- `skip_validation_for_administrators` (Boolean) Indicates whether passwords set by administrators are allowed to bypass the password validation process that is required for user password changes.
- `state_update_failure_policy` (String) Specifies how the server deals with the inability to update password policy state information during an authentication attempt.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



