---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_delegated_admin_correlated_rest_resource Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource"
description: |-
  Manages a Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource.
---

# pingdirectory_default_delegated_admin_correlated_rest_resource (Resource)

Manages a Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource.



## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_da_config_delegated_admin)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `rest_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent REST Resource Type

### Optional

- `correlated_rest_resource` (String) The REST Resource Type that will be linked to this REST Resource Type.
- `display_name` (String) A human readable display name for this Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource.
- `primary_rest_resource_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the parent REST Resource Type whose value will be used to match objects in the Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource. This attribute must be writeable when use-secondary-value-for-linking is enabled.
- `secondary_rest_resource_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource whose value will be matched with the primary-rest-resource-correlation-attribute. This attribute must be writeable when use-secondary-value-for-linking is disabled.
- `use_secondary_value_for_linking` (Boolean) Indicates whether links should be created using the secondary correlation attribute value.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource resource. Options are ['delegated-admin-correlated-rest-resource']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



