---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_vault_authentication_method Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Vault Authentication Method"
description: |-
  Manages a Vault Authentication Method.
---

# pingdirectory_default_vault_authentication_method (Resource)

Manages a Vault Authentication Method.

Vault Authentication Methods are used to authenticate to an instance of a HashiCorp Vault server in order to obtain an access token.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Vault Authentication Method
- `login_mechanism_name` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `app-role`: The name used when enabling the desired AppRole authentication mechanism in the Vault server.
  - `user-pass`: The name used when enabling the desired UserPass authentication mechanism in the Vault server.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the user to authenticate.
- `username` (String) The username for the user to authenticate.
- `vault_access_token` (String, Sensitive) The static token used to authenticate to the Vault server.
- `vault_role_id` (String) The role ID for the AppRole to authenticate.
- `vault_secret_id` (String, Sensitive) The secret ID for the AppRole to authenticate.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Vault Authentication Method resource. Options are ['static-token', 'app-role', 'user-pass']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



