---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_ping_one_pass_through_authentication_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "PingOne"
description: |-
  Manages a Ping One Pass Through Authentication Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_default_ping_one_pass_through_authentication_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Ping One Pass Through Authentication Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `additional_user_mapping_scim_filter` (String) An optional SCIM filter that will be ANDed with the filter created to identify the account in the PingOne service that corresponds to the local entry. Only the "eq", "sw", "and", and "or" filter types may be used.
- `allow_lax_pass_through_authentication_passwords` (Boolean) Indicates whether to overwrite the user's local password even if the password used to authenticate to the PingOne service would have failed validation if the user attempted to set it directly.
- `api_url` (String) Specifies the API endpoint for the PingOne web service.
- `auth_url` (String) Specifies the API endpoint for the PingOne authentication service.
- `connection_criteria` (String) A reference to connection criteria that will be used to indicate which bind requests should be passed through to the PingOne service.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `environment_id` (String) Specifies the PingOne Environment that will be associated with this PingOne Pass Through Authentication Plugin.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the PingOne service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `ignored_password_policy_state_error_condition` (Set of String) A set of password policy state error conditions that should not be enforced when authentication succeeds when attempted in the PingOne service. This option can only be used if try-local-bind is true.
- `included_local_entry_base_dn` (Set of String) The base DNs for the local users whose authentication attempts may be passed through to the PingOne service.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `oauth_client_id` (String) Specifies the OAuth Client ID used to authenticate connections to the PingOne API.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the OAuth Client Secret used to authenticate connections to the PingOne API.
- `oauth_client_secret_passphrase_provider` (String) Specifies a passphrase provider that can be used to obtain the OAuth Client Secret used to authenticate connections to the PingOne API.
- `override_local_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to attempt the authentication in the PingOne service if the local user entry includes a password. This property will only be used if try-local-bind is true.
- `request_criteria` (String) A reference to request criteria that will be used to indicate which bind requests should be passed through to the PingOne service.
- `try_local_bind` (Boolean) Indicates whether to attempt the bind in the local server first, or to only send it to the PingOne service.
- `update_local_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to overwrite the user's local password if the local bind fails but the authentication attempt succeeds when attempted in the PingOne service.
- `update_local_password_dn` (String) This is the DN of the user that will be used to overwrite the user's local password if update-local-password is set. The DN put here should be added to 'ignore-changes-by-dn' in the appropriate Sync Source.
- `user_mapping_local_attribute` (Set of String) The names of the attributes in the local user entry whose values must match the values of the corresponding fields in the PingOne service.
- `user_mapping_remote_json_field` (Set of String) The names of the fields in the PingOne service whose values must match the values of the corresponding attributes in the local user entry, as specified in the user-mapping-local-attribute property.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

