---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_access_control_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Access Control Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Access Control Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_access_control_handler (Resource)

Manages a Access Control Handler.

Access Control Handlers manage the application-wide access control. The Directory Server access control handler is defined through an extensible interface, so that alternate implementations can be created. Only one access control handler may be active in the server at any given time.

Since this is a 'default' resource, the managed object must already exist in the PingDirectory configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_access_control_handler" "myAccessControlHandler" {
  enabled = true
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_sec_define_global_acis)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allowed_bind_control` (Set of String) Specifies a set of controls that clients should be allowed to include in bind requests. As bind requests are evaluated as the unauthenticated user, any controls included in this set will be permitted for any bind attempt. If you wish to grant permission for any bind controls not listed here, then the allowed-bind-control-oid property may be used to accomplish that.
- `allowed_bind_control_oid` (Set of String) Specifies the OIDs of any additional controls (not covered by the allowed-bind-control property) that should be permitted in bind requests.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Access Control Handler is enabled. If set to FALSE, then no access control is enforced, and any client (including unauthenticated or anonymous clients) could be allowed to perform any operation if not subject to other restrictions, such as those enforced by the privilege subsystem.
- `evaluate_target_attribute_rights_for_add_operations` (Boolean) Supported in PingDirectory product version 10.1.0.0+. Indicates whether the server should ensure that the requester has the "add" right for each attribute included in an add request, and is not denied "add" rights for any attributes in the request. Historically, any user who has been granted the "add" right has been allowed to create an entry of any type, even for add requests that include attributes for which they do not have the "add" right (that is, the "targetattr" portion of an access control rule was not considered when evaluating access control rights for add operations). This is still the default behavior in order to preserve backward compatibility, but setting the value of this property to true will cause the server to only permit add operations in which the requester has the "add" right for each of the attributes included in the add request, and deny add operations if the requester is denied "add" rights for any attributes included in the add request. It is strongly recommended that you thoroughly test your existing access control configuration before enabling this setting in a production environment to identify any cases in which you may need to add or augment access control rules to ensure that authorized users are allowed to add the entries they need to be able to create.
- `global_aci` (Set of String) Defines global access control rules.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Access Control Handler resource. Options are ['dsee-compat']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder
terraform import pingdirectory_default_access_control_handler.myAccessControlHandler id
```

