---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_single_use_tokens_extended_operation_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Extended Operation Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Single Use Tokens Extended Operation Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_default_single_use_tokens_extended_operation_handler (Resource)

Manages a Single Use Tokens Extended Operation Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `default_otp_delivery_mechanism` (Set of String) The set of delivery mechanisms that may be used to deliver single-use tokens to users in requests that do not specify one or more preferred delivery mechanisms.
- `default_single_use_token_validity_duration` (String) The default length of time that a single-use token will be considered valid by the server if the client doesn't specify a duration in the deliver single-use token request.
- `description` (String) A description for this Extended Operation Handler
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Operation Handler is enabled (that is, whether the types of extended operations are allowed in the server).
- `password_generator` (String) The password generator that will be used to create the single-use token values to be delivered to the end user.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)



