---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_alarm_manager Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Alarm Manager"
description: |-
  Manages a Alarm Manager.
---

# pingdirectory_default_alarm_manager (Resource)

Manages a Alarm Manager.

The Alarm Manager provides an interface between components that raise alarms and persistence of those alarms into the alarms backend.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_default_alarm_manager" "myAlarmManager" {
  default_gauge_alert_level = "critical-only"
  generated_alert_types     = ["standard"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `default_gauge_alert_level` (String) Specifies the level at which alerts are sent for alarms raised by the Alarm Manager.
- `generated_alert_types` (Set of String) Indicates what kind of alert types should be generated.
- `suppressed_alarm` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the alarm alert types that should be suppressed. If the condition that triggers an alarm in this list occurs, then the alarm will not be raised and no alerts will be generated. Only a subset of alarms can be suppressed in this way. Alarms triggered by a gauge can be disabled by disabling the gauge.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))
- `type` (String) The type of Alarm Manager resource. Options are ['alarm-manager']

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# This resource is singleton, so the value of "id" doesn't matter - it is just a placeholder
terraform import pingdirectory_default_alarm_manager.myAlarmManager id
```

