---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_syslog_based_error_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Syslog Based Error Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_default_syslog_based_error_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Syslog Based Error Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Syslog Based Error Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Syslog Based Error Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `default_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the default severity levels for the logger.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `override_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the override severity levels for the logger based on the category of the messages.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `server_host_name` (String) Specifies the hostname or IP address of the syslogd host to log to. It is highly recommend to use localhost.
- `server_port` (Number) Specifies the port number of the syslogd host to log to.
- `syslog_facility` (Number) Specifies the syslog facility to use for this Syslog Based Error Log Publisher

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


