---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_disk_space_usage_monitor_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Monitor Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Disk Space Usage Monitor Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_default_disk_space_usage_monitor_provider (Resource)

Manages a Disk Space Usage Monitor Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_disk_space_usage_monitor_provider" "myDiskSpaceUsageMonitorProvider" {
  id                                  = "Disk Space Usage"
  description                         = "My disk space usage monitor provider"
  enabled                             = false
  low_space_warning_percent_threshold = 12
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_frequency` (String) Specifies the length of time between administrative alerts generated in response to lack of usable disk space. Administrative alerts will be generated whenever the amount of usable space drops below any threshold, and they will also be generated at regular intervals as long as the amount of usable space remains below the threshold value. A value of zero indicates that alerts should only be generated when the amount of usable space drops below a configured threshold.
- `description` (String) A description for this Monitor Provider
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Monitor Provider is enabled for use.
- `low_space_error_percent_threshold` (Number) Specifies the low space error threshold value as a percentage of total space. If the amount of usable disk space drops below this amount, then the Directory Server will start rejecting operations requested by non-root users.
- `low_space_error_size_threshold` (String) Specifies the low space error threshold value as an absolute amount of space. If the amount of usable disk space drops below this amount, then the Directory Server will start rejecting operations requested by non-root users.
- `low_space_warning_percent_threshold` (Number) Specifies the low space warning threshold value as a percentage of total space. If the amount of usable disk space drops below this amount, then the Directory Server will begin generating warning alert notifications.
- `low_space_warning_size_threshold` (String) Specifies the low space warning threshold value as an absolute amount of space. If the amount of usable disk space drops below this amount, then the Directory Server will begin generating warning alert notifications.
- `out_of_space_error_percent_threshold` (Number) Specifies the out of space error threshold value as a percentage of total space. If the amount of usable disk space drops below this amount, then the Directory Server will shut itself down to avoid problems that may occur from complete exhaustion of usable space.
- `out_of_space_error_size_threshold` (String) Specifies the out of space error threshold value as an absolute amount of space. If the amount of usable disk space drops below this amount, then the Directory Server will shut itself down to avoid problems that may occur from complete exhaustion of usable space.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "diskSpaceUsageMonitorProviderId" should be the id of the Disk Space Usage Monitor Provider to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_disk_space_usage_monitor_provider.myDiskSpaceUsageMonitorProvider diskSpaceUsageMonitorProviderId
```

