---
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_task_backend Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Task Backend.
---

# pingdirectory_default_task_backend (Resource)

Manages a Task Backend.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_task_backend" "myTaskBackend" {
  task_backing_file = "config/tasks.ldif"
  enabled           = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend_id` (String) Specifies a name to identify the associated backend.

### Optional

- `backup_file_permissions` (String) Specifies the permissions that should be applied to files and directories created by a backup of the backend.
- `base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the base DN(s) for the data that the backend handles.
- `description` (String) A description for this Backend
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the backend is enabled in the server.
- `maximum_final_task_log_messages_to_retain` (Number) The maximum number of log messages to retain in each task entry from the end of the processing for that task. If too many messages are logged during task processing, then retaining only a limited number of messages from the beginning and/or end of task processing can reduce the amount of memory that the server consumes by caching information about currently-active and recently-completed tasks.
- `maximum_initial_task_log_messages_to_retain` (Number) The maximum number of log messages to retain in each task entry from the beginning of the processing for that task. If too many messages are logged during task processing, then retaining only a limited number of messages from the beginning and/or end of task processing can reduce the amount of memory that the server consumes by caching information about currently-active and recently-completed tasks.
- `notification_manager` (String) Specifies a notification manager for changes resulting from operations processed through this Backend
- `notification_sender_address` (String) Specifies the email address to use as the sender address (that is, the "From:" address) for notification mail messages generated when a task completes execution.
- `return_unavailable_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether any LDAP operation that would use this Backend is to return UNAVAILABLE when this Backend is disabled.
- `set_degraded_alert_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether the Directory Server enters a DEGRADED state (and sends a corresponding alert) when this Backend is disabled.
- `task_backing_file` (String) Specifies the path to the backing file for storing information about the tasks configured in the server.
- `task_retention_time` (String) Specifies the length of time that task entries should be retained after processing on the associated task has been completed.
- `writability_mode` (String) Specifies the behavior that the backend should use when processing write operations.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "taskBackendId" should be the backend_id of the Task Backend to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_default_task_backend.myTaskBackend taskBackendId
```