---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_default_metrics_backend Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Metrics Backend.
---

# pingdirectory_default_metrics_backend (Resource)

Manages a Metrics Backend.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend_id` (String) Specifies a name to identify the associated backend.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Backend
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the backend is enabled in the server.
- `metrics_dir` (String) Specifies the path to the directory that contains metric definitions.
- `notification_manager` (String) Specifies a notification manager for changes resulting from operations processed through this Backend
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Metrics Backend .
- `return_unavailable_when_disabled` (Boolean) Determines whether any LDAP operation that would use this Backend is to return UNAVAILABLE when this Backend is disabled.
- `sample_flush_interval` (String) Period when samples are flushed to disk.
- `storage_dir` (String) Specifies the path to the directory that will be used to store queued samples.
- `writability_mode` (String) Specifies the behavior that the backend should use when processing write operations.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


