---
page_title: "pingdirectory_delegated_admin_rights Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Delegated Admin Rights"
description: |-
  Manages a Delegated Admin Rights.
---

# pingdirectory_delegated_admin_rights (Resource)

Manages a Delegated Admin Rights.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_delegated_admin_rights" "myDelegatedAdminRights" {
  name          = "MyDelegatedAdminRights"
  enabled       = true
  admin_user_dn = "cn=admin-users,dc=test,dc=com"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_da_config_delegated_admin)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Delegated Admin Rights is enabled.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `admin_group_dn` (String) Specifies the DN of a group of administrative users who have authority to manage resources. Either admin-user-dn or admin-group-dn must be specified, but not both.
- `admin_user_dn` (String) Specifies the DN of an administrative user who has authority to manage resources. Either admin-user-dn or admin-group-dn must be specified, but not both.
- `description` (String) A description for this Delegated Admin Rights
- `type` (String) The type of Delegated Admin Rights resource. Options are ['delegated-admin-rights']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "delegatedAdminRightsId" should be the name of the Delegated Admin Rights to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_delegated_admin_rights.myDelegatedAdminRights delegatedAdminRightsId
```

