---
page_title: "pingdirectory_delegated_admin_correlated_rest_resource Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource"
description: |-
  Manages a Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource.
---

# pingdirectory_delegated_admin_correlated_rest_resource (Resource)

Manages a Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_delegated_admin_correlated_rest_resource" "myDelegatedAdminCorrelatedRestResource" {
  name                                          = "MyDelegatedAdminCorrelatedRestResource"
  rest_resource_type_name                       = "MyRestResourceType"
  display_name                                  = "MyDisplayName"
  correlated_rest_resource                      = "MyRestResourceType"
  primary_rest_resource_correlation_attribute   = "cn"
  secondary_rest_resource_correlation_attribute = "sn"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_da_config_delegated_admin)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `correlated_rest_resource` (String) The REST Resource Type that will be linked to this REST Resource Type.
- `display_name` (String) A human readable display name for this Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `primary_rest_resource_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the parent REST Resource Type whose value will be used to match objects in the Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource. This attribute must be writeable when use-secondary-value-for-linking is enabled.
- `rest_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent REST Resource Type
- `secondary_rest_resource_correlation_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute from the Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource whose value will be matched with the primary-rest-resource-correlation-attribute. This attribute must be writeable when use-secondary-value-for-linking is disabled.

### Optional

- `type` (String) The type of Delegated Admin Correlated REST Resource resource. Options are ['delegated-admin-correlated-rest-resource']
- `use_secondary_value_for_linking` (Boolean) Indicates whether links should be created using the secondary correlation attribute value.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Delegated Admin Correlated Rest Resource requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_delegated_admin_correlated_rest_resource.myDelegatedAdminCorrelatedRestResource "[rest-resource-type-name]/[delegated-admin-correlated-rest-resource-name]"
```

