---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_dn_mapper_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Dn Mapper Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_dn_mapper_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Dn Mapper Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

resource "pingdirectory_dn_mapper_plugin" "myDnMapperPlugin" {
  id        = "MyDnMapperPlugin"
  source_dn = "dc=example,dc=com"
  target_dn = "dc=anotherexample,dc=com"
  enabled   = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `source_dn` (String) Specifies the source DN that may appear in client requests which should be remapped to the target DN. Note that the source DN must not be equal to the target DN.
- `target_dn` (String) Specifies the DN to which the source DN should be mapped. Note that the target DN must not be equal to the source DN.

### Optional

- `always_map_responses` (Boolean) Indicates whether DNs in response messages containing the target DN should always be remapped back to the source DN. If this is "false", then mapping will be performed for a response message only if one or more elements of the associated request are mapped. Otherwise, the mapping will be performed for all responses regardless of whether the mapping was applied to the request.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `enable_attribute_mapping` (Boolean) Indicates whether DN mapping should be applied to the values of attributes with appropriate syntaxes.
- `enable_control_mapping` (Boolean) Indicates whether DN mapping should be applied to DNs that may be present in specific controls. DN mapping will only be applied for control types which are specifically supported by the DN mapper plugin.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `map_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies a set of specific attributes for which DN mapping should be applied. This will only be applicable if the enable-attribute-mapping property has a value of "true". Any attributes listed must be defined in the server schema with either the distinguished name syntax or the name and optional UID syntax.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "dnMapperPluginId" should be the id of the Dn Mapper Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_dn_mapper_plugin.myDnMapperPlugin dnMapperPluginId
```
