---
page_title: "pingdirectory_dn_map Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Dn Map"
description: |-
  Manages a Dn Map.
---

# pingdirectory_dn_map (Resource)

Manages a Dn Map.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_dn_map" "myDnMap" {
  name            = "MyDnMap"
  from_dn_pattern = "*,**,dc=com"
  to_dn_pattern   = "uid={givenname:/^(.)(.*)/$1/s}{sn:/^(.)(.*)/$1/s}{eid},{2},o=example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `from_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies the DN pattern to match when determining whether this map applies to a specific source DN. If the provided bind DN matches this pattern, then the to-dn-pattern will be used to perform the mapping. If the provided bind DN does not match this pattern, then no mapping will be performed.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `to_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies a pattern for constructing the DN value using fixed text, DN components matching wild-card values in from-dn-pattern, and attribute values from the source entry.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this DN Map
- `type` (String) The type of DN Map resource. Options are ['dn-map']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "dnMapId" should be the name of the Dn Map to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_dn_map.myDnMap dnMapId
```

