---
page_title: "pingdirectory_entry_cache Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Entry Cache"
description: |-
  Manages a Entry Cache.
---

# pingdirectory_entry_cache (Resource)

Manages a Entry Cache.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_entry_cache" "myEntryCache" {
  id          = "MyEntryCache"
  enabled     = true
  cache_level = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cache_level` (Number) Specifies the cache level in the cache order if more than one instance of the cache is configured.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Entry Cache is enabled.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `cache_unindexed_search_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether the entry cache should be updated with entries that have been returned to the client during the course of processing an unindexed search.
- `description` (String) A description for this Entry Cache
- `exclude_filter` (Set of String) The set of filters that define the entries that should be excluded from the cache.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of filters that define the entries that should be included in the cache.
- `max_entries` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of entries that will be allowed in the cache. Once the cache reaches this size, then adding new entries will cause existing entries to be purged, starting with the oldest.
- `max_memory_percent` (Number) Specifies the maximum amount of memory, as a percentage of the total maximum JVM heap size, that this cache should occupy when full. If the amount of memory the cache is using is greater than this amount, then an attempt to put a new entry in the cache will be ignored and will cause the oldest entry to be purged.
- `min_cache_entry_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the names of the attribute types for which the min-cache-entry-value-count property should apply. If no attribute types are specified, then all user attributes will be examined.
- `min_cache_entry_value_count` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of attribute values (optionally across a specified subset of attributes as defined in the min-cache-entry-attributes property) for entries that should be held in the cache. Entries with fewer than this number of attribute values will be excluded from the cache.
- `only_cache_frequently_accessed` (Boolean) Specifies that the cache should only store entries which are accessed much more frequently than the average entry. The cache will observe attempts to place entries in the cache and compare an entry's accesses to the average entry's.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "entryCacheId" should be the id of the Entry Cache to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_entry_cache.myEntryCache entryCacheId
```

