---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_exec_recurring_task Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Exec Recurring Task.
---

# pingdirectory_exec_recurring_task (Resource)

Manages a Exec Recurring Task.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_exec_recurring_task" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_exec_recurring_task" "myExecRecurringTask" {
  id           = "MyExecRecurringTask"
  command_path = "mycommand"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command_path` (String) The absolute path to the command to execute. It must be an absolute path, the corresponding file must exist, and it must be listed in the config/exec-command-whitelist.txt file.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_on_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully.
- `alert_on_start` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running.
- `alert_on_success` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully.
- `cancel_on_task_dependency_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance of this Recurring Task should be canceled if the task immediately before it in the recurring task chain fails to complete successfully (including if it is canceled by an administrator before it starts or while it is running).
- `command_arguments` (String) A string containing the arguments to provide to the command. If the command should be run without arguments, this property should be left undefined. If there should be multiple arguments, then they should be separated with spaces.
- `command_output_file_base_name` (String) The path and base name for a file to which the command output (both standard output and standard error) should be written. This may be left undefined if the command output should not be recorded into a file.
- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task
- `email_on_failure` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent if an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_start` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_success` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `log_command_output` (Boolean) Indicates whether the command's output (both standard output and standard error) should be recorded in the server's error log.
- `retain_previous_output_file_age` (String) The minimum age of previous command output files that should be preserved after a new instance of the command is invoked.
- `retain_previous_output_file_count` (Number) The minimum number of previous command output files that should be preserved after a new instance of the command is invoked.
- `task_completion_state_for_nonzero_exit_code` (String) The final task state that a task instance should have if the task executes the specified command and that command completes with a nonzero exit code, which generally means that the command did not complete successfully.
- `working_directory` (String) The absolute path to a working directory where the command should be executed. It must be an absolute path and the corresponding directory must exist.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "execRecurringTaskId" should be the id of the Exec Recurring Task to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_exec_recurring_task.myExecRecurringTask execRecurringTaskId
```
