---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_file_based_trust_manager_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a File Based Trust Manager Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_file_based_trust_manager_provider (Resource)

Manages a File Based Trust Manager Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
}

resource "pingdirectory_file_based_trust_manager_provider" "filetest" {
  id                          = "FileTest"
  enabled                     = true
  trust_store_file            = "config/keystore"
  trust_store_type            = "pkcs12"
  include_jvm_default_issuers = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the Trust Manager Provider is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `trust_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the file containing the trust information. It can be an absolute path or a path that is relative to the Directory Server instance root.

### Optional

- `include_jvm_default_issuers` (Boolean) Indicates whether certificates issued by an authority included in the JVM's set of default issuers should be automatically trusted, even if they would not otherwise be trusted by this provider.
- `trust_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_file` (String) Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the trust store file.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "providerName" should be the name of the trust manager provider to be imported

terraform import pingdirectory_file_based_trust_manager_provider providerName
```
