---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_file_based_json_audit_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a File Based Json Audit Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_file_based_json_audit_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a File Based Json Audit Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the File Based JSON Audit Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the File Based JSON Audit Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this File Based JSON Audit Log Publisher.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the File Based JSON Audit Log Publisher .
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the File Based JSON Audit Log Publisher .

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `exclude_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the names of any attribute types that should be excluded from the audit log.
- `include_instance_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server.
- `include_intermediate_client_request_control` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include information about any intermediate client request control that may have been included in the request.
- `include_operation_purpose_request_control` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include information about any operation purpose request control that may have been included in the request.
- `include_product_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server.
- `include_replication_change_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the replication change ID.
- `include_request_controls` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the request.
- `include_requester_dn` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the DN of the authenticated user for the client connection on which the operation was requested.
- `include_requester_ip_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the IP address of the client that requested the operation.
- `include_response_controls` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation results should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the result.
- `include_startup_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted.
- `include_thread_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn=JVM Stack Trace,cn=monitor entry.
- `log_security_negotiation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `obscure_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the names of any attribute types that should have their values obscured in the audit log because they may be considered sensitive.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `soft_delete_entry_audit_behavior` (String) Specifies the audit behavior for delete and modify operations on soft-deleted entries.
- `suppress_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users.
- `suppress_replication_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.
- `use_reversible_form` (Boolean) Indicates whether the audit log should be written in reversible form so that it is possible to revert the changes if desired.
- `write_multi_line_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether the JSON objects should use a multi-line representation (with each object field and array value on its own line) that may be easier for administrators to read, but each message will be larger (because of additional spaces and end-of-line markers), and it may be more difficult to consume and parse through some text-oriented tools.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


