---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_file_based_trace_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a File Based Trace Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_file_based_trace_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a File Based Trace Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_file_based_trace_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_file_based_trace_log_publisher" "myFileBasedTraceLogPublisher" {
  id       = "MyFileBasedTraceLogPublisher"
  log_file = "logs/myfilebasedtracelog"
  enabled  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the File Based Trace Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.

### Optional

- `access_token_validator_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the access token validator message types that can be logged.
- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Writer Based Trace Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `consent_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the consent message types that can be logged.
- `debug_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the debug message types which can be logged. Note that enabling these may result in sensitive information being logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `directory_rest_api_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the Directory REST API message types which can be logged.
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `exclude_path_pattern` (Set of String) Specifies a set of HTTP request URL paths to determine whether log messages are excluded for a HTTP request. Log messages are included for a HTTP request if the request path does not match any exclude-path-pattern, and the request path does match an include-path-pattern (or no include-path-pattern is specified).
- `extension_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the Server SDK extension message types that can be logged.
- `http_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the HTTP message types which can be logged.
- `id_token_validator_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the ID token validator message types that can be logged.
- `include_path_pattern` (Set of String) Specifies a set of HTTP request URL paths to determine whether log messages are included for a HTTP request. Log messages are included for a HTTP request if the request path does not match any exclude-path-pattern, and the request path does match an include-path-pattern (or no include-path-pattern is specified).
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this File Based Trace Log Publisher.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `max_string_length` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of characters that may be included in any string in a log message before that string is truncated and replaced with a placeholder indicating the number of characters that were omitted. This can help prevent extremely long log messages from being written.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the File Based Trace Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the File Based Trace Log Publisher .
- `scim_message_type` (Set of String) Specifies the SCIM message types which can be logged.
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "fileBasedTraceLogPublisherId" should be the id of the File Based Trace Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_file_based_trace_log_publisher.myFileBasedTraceLogPublisher fileBasedTraceLogPublisherId
```
