---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_file_server_http_servlet_extension Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a File Server Http Servlet Extension.
---

# pingdirectory_file_server_http_servlet_extension (Resource)

Manages a File Server Http Servlet Extension.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_file_server_http_servlet_extension" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_file_server_http_servlet_extension" "myFileServerHttpServletExtension" {
  id                      = "MyFileServerHttpServletExtension"
  base_context_path       = "/example"
  document_root_directory = "logs"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_context_path` (String) Specifies the base context path that should be used by HTTP clients to reference content. The value must start with a forward slash and must represent a valid HTTP context path.
- `document_root_directory` (String) Specifies the path to the directory on the local filesystem containing the files to be served by this File Server HTTP Servlet Extension. The path must exist, and it must be a directory.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `access_token_validator` (Set of String) The access token validators that may be used to verify the authenticity of an OAuth 2.0 bearer token.
- `allowed_authentication_type` (Set of String) The types of authentication that may be used to authenticate to the file servlet.
- `correlation_id_response_header` (String) Specifies the name of the HTTP response header that will contain a correlation ID value. Example values are "Correlation-Id", "X-Amzn-Trace-Id", and "X-Request-Id".
- `cross_origin_policy` (String) The cross-origin request policy to use for the HTTP Servlet Extension.
- `default_mime_type` (String) Specifies the default MIME type to use for the Content-Type header when a mapping cannot be found.
- `description` (String) A description for this HTTP Servlet Extension
- `enable_directory_indexing` (Boolean) Indicates whether to generate a default HTML page with a listing of available files if the requested path refers to a directory rather than a file, and that directory does not contain an index file.
- `id_token_validator` (Set of String) The ID token validators that may be used to verify the authenticity of an of an OpenID Connect ID token.
- `identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that will be used to identify the entry with which a username is associated.
- `index_file` (Set of String) Specifies the name of a file whose contents may be returned to the client if the requested path refers to a directory rather than a file.
- `mime_types_file` (String) Specifies the path to a file that contains MIME type mappings that will be used to determine the appropriate value to return for the Content-Type header based on the extension of the requested file.
- `require_authentication` (Boolean) Indicates whether the servlet extension should only accept requests from authenticated clients.
- `require_file_servlet_access_privilege` (Boolean) Indicates whether the servlet extension should only accept requests from authenticated clients that have the file-servlet-access privilege.
- `require_group` (Set of String) The DN of a group whose members will be permitted to access to the associated files. If multiple group DNs are configured, then anyone who is a member of at least one of those groups will be granted access.
- `response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for all requests.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "fileServerHttpServletExtensionId" should be the id of the File Server Http Servlet Extension to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_file_server_http_servlet_extension.myFileServerHttpServletExtension fileServerHttpServletExtensionId
```
