---
page_title: "pingdirectory_file_retention_recurring_task Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a File Retention Recurring Task.
---

# pingdirectory_file_retention_recurring_task (Resource)

Manages a File Retention Recurring Task.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_file_retention_recurring_task" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_file_retention_recurring_task" "myFileRetentionRecurringTask" {
  id               = "MyFileRetentionRecurringTask"
  target_directory = "dir"
  filename_pattern = "log-*.log"
  timestamp_format = "generalized-time-utc-with-milliseconds"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filename_pattern` (String) A pattern that specifies the names of the files to examine. The pattern may contain zero or more asterisks as wildcards, where each wildcard matches zero or more characters. It may also contain at most one occurrence of the special string "${timestamp}", which will match a timestamp with the format specified using the timestamp-format property. All other characters in the pattern will be treated literally.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `target_directory` (String) The path to the directory containing the files to examine. The directory must exist.
- `timestamp_format` (String) The format to use for the timestamp represented by the "${timestamp}" token in the filename pattern.

### Optional

- `alert_on_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully.
- `alert_on_start` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running.
- `alert_on_success` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully.
- `cancel_on_task_dependency_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance of this Recurring Task should be canceled if the task immediately before it in the recurring task chain fails to complete successfully (including if it is canceled by an administrator before it starts or while it is running).
- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task
- `email_on_failure` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent if an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_start` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_success` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `retain_aggregate_file_size` (String) The minimum aggregate size of files that will be retained. The size should be specified as an integer followed by a unit that is one of "b" or "bytes", "kb" or "kilobytes", "mb" or "megabytes", "gb" or "gigabytes", or "tb" or "terabytes". For example, a value of "1 gb" indicates that at least one gigabyte of files should be retained.
- `retain_file_age` (String) The minimum age of files matching the pattern that will be retained.
- `retain_file_count` (Number) The minimum number of files matching the pattern that will be retained.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "fileRetentionRecurringTaskId" should be the id of the File Retention Recurring Task to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_file_retention_recurring_task.myFileRetentionRecurringTask fileRetentionRecurringTaskId
```