---
page_title: "pingdirectory_file_based_debug_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a File Based Debug Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_file_based_debug_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a File Based Debug Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_file_based_debug_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_file_based_debug_log_publisher" "myFileBasedDebugLogPublisher" {
  id       = "MyFileBasedDebugLogPublisher"
  log_file = "logs/mydebug"
  enabled  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the File Based Debug Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the File Based Debug Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `default_debug_category` (Set of String) The debug message categories to be logged when none of the defined targets match the message.
- `default_debug_level` (String) The lowest severity level of debug messages to log when none of the defined targets match the message.
- `default_include_throwable_cause` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include the cause of exceptions in exception thrown and caught messages logged by default.
- `default_omit_method_entry_arguments` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include method arguments in debug messages logged by default.
- `default_omit_method_return_value` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include the return value in debug messages logged by default.
- `default_throwable_stack_frames` (Number) Indicates the number of stack frames to include in the stack trace for method entry and exception thrown messages.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this File Based Debug Log Publisher.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the File Based Debug Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the File Based Debug Log Publisher .
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.
- `timestamp_precision` (String) Specifies the smallest time unit to be included in timestamps.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "fileBasedDebugLogPublisherId" should be the id of the File Based Debug Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_file_based_debug_log_publisher.myFileBasedDebugLogPublisher fileBasedDebugLogPublisherId
```