---
page_title: "pingdirectory_gauge Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Gauge"
description: |-
  Manages a Gauge.
---

# pingdirectory_gauge (Resource)

Manages a Gauge.

Gauges convey real-time, key performance indicators in the monitor backend, and can be configured to raise alarms when the measured value exceeds defined thresholds or matches specific string patterns.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_gauge" "myGauge" {
  name              = "MyGauge"
  type              = "indicator"
  gauge_data_source = "Replication Connection Status"
  enabled           = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gauge_data_source` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `indicator`: Specifies the source of data to use in determining this Indicator Gauge's severity and status.
  - `numeric`: Specifies the source of data to use in determining this gauge's current severity.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Gauge resource. Options are ['indicator', 'numeric']

### Optional

- `alert_level` (String) Specifies the level at which alerts are sent for alarms raised by this Gauge.
- `critical_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'critical'.
- `critical_value` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `indicator`: A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be critical.
  - `numeric`: A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'critical'.
- `description` (String) A description for this Gauge
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Gauge is enabled.
- `exclude_resource` (Set of String) Specifies resources to exclude from being monitored.
- `include_resource` (Set of String) Specifies set of resources to be monitored.
- `major_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'major'.
- `major_value` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `indicator`: A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity will be 'major'.
  - `numeric`: A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'major'.
- `minor_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'minor'.
- `minor_value` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `indicator`: A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity will be 'minor'.
  - `numeric`: A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'minor'.
- `override_severity` (String) When defined, causes this Gauge to assume the specified severity, overriding its computed severity. This is useful for testing alarms generated by Gauges as well as suppressing alarms for known conditions.
- `samples_per_update_interval` (Number) Indicates the number of times the monitor data source value will be collected during the update interval.
- `server_degraded_severity_level` (String) Specifies the alarm severity level at or above which the server is considered degraded.
- `server_unavailable_severity_level` (String) Specifies the alarm severity level at or above which the server is considered unavailable.
- `update_interval` (String) The frequency with which this Gauge is updated.
- `warning_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'warning'.
- `warning_value` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `indicator`: A regular expression pattern that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity will be 'warning'.
  - `numeric`: A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'warning'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "gaugeId" should be the name of the Gauge to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_gauge.myGauge gaugeId
```

