---
page_title: "pingdirectory_gauge_data_source Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Gauge Data Source"
description: |-
  Manages a Gauge Data Source.
---

# pingdirectory_gauge_data_source (Resource)

Manages a Gauge Data Source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_gauge_data_source" "myGaugeDataSource" {
  name                = "MyGaugeDataSource"
  type                = "indicator"
  monitor_objectclass = "ds-host-system-disk-monitor-entry"
  monitor_attribute   = "pct-busy"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `monitor_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute on the monitor entries from which to derive the current gauge value.
- `monitor_objectclass` (String) The object class name of the monitor entries to examine for generating gauge data.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Gauge Data Source resource. Options are ['indicator', 'numeric']

### Optional

- `additional_text` (String) Additional information about the source of this data that is added to alerts sent as a result of gauges that use this Gauge Data Source.
- `data_orientation` (String) Indicates whether a higher or lower value is a more severe condition.
- `description` (String) A description for this Gauge Data Source
- `divide_value_by` (Number) An optional floating point value that can be used to scale the resulting value.
- `divide_value_by_attribute` (String) An optional property that can scale the resulting value by another attribute in the monitored entry.
- `divide_value_by_counter_attribute` (String) An optional property that can scale the resulting value by another attribute whose value represents a counter in the monitored entry.
- `include_filter` (String) An optional LDAP filter that can be used restrict which monitor entries are used to compute output.
- `minimum_update_interval` (String) The minimum frequency with which gauges using this Gauge Data Source can be configured for update. In order to prevent undesirable side effects, some Gauge Data Sources may use this property to impose a higher bound on the update frequency of gauges.
- `resource_attribute` (String) Specifies the attribute whose value is used to identify the specific resource being monitored (e.g. device name).
- `resource_type` (String) A string indicating the type of resource being monitored.
- `statistic_type` (String) Specifies the type of statistic to include in the output for the monitored attribute.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "gaugeDataSourceId" should be the name of the Gauge Data Source to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_gauge_data_source.myGaugeDataSource gaugeDataSourceId
```

