---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_generate_server_profile_recurring_task Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Generate Server Profile Recurring Task.
---

# pingdirectory_generate_server_profile_recurring_task (Resource)

Manages a Generate Server Profile Recurring Task.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_generate_server_profile_recurring_task" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_generate_server_profile_recurring_task" "myGenerateServerProfileRecurringTask" {
  id                            = "MyGenerateServerProfileRecurringTask"
  profile_directory             = "/opt/out/instance"
  retain_previous_profile_count = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `profile_directory` (String) The directory in which the generated server profiles will be placed. The files will be named with the pattern "server-profile-{timestamp}.zip", where "{timestamp}" represents the time that the profile was generated.

### Optional

- `alert_on_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully.
- `alert_on_start` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running.
- `alert_on_success` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully.
- `cancel_on_task_dependency_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance of this Recurring Task should be canceled if the task immediately before it in the recurring task chain fails to complete successfully (including if it is canceled by an administrator before it starts or while it is running).
- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task
- `email_on_failure` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent if an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_start` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_success` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `include_path` (Set of String) An optional set of additional paths to files within the instance root that should be included in the generated server profile. All paths must be within the instance root, and relative paths will be relative to the instance root.
- `retain_previous_profile_age` (String) The minimum age of previous server profile zip files that should be preserved after a new profile is generated.
- `retain_previous_profile_count` (Number) The minimum number of previous server profile zip files that should be preserved after a new profile is generated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "generateServerProfileRecurringTaskId" should be the id of the Generate Server Profile Recurring Task to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_generate_server_profile_recurring_task.myGenerateServerProfileRecurringTask generateServerProfileRecurringTaskId
```
