---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_groovy_scripted_file_based_error_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Groovy Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_groovy_scripted_file_based_error_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Groovy Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_groovy_scripted_file_based_error_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_groovy_scripted_file_based_error_log_publisher" "myGroovyScriptedFileBasedErrorLogPublisher" {
  id           = "MyGroovyScriptedFileBasedErrorLogPublisher"
  script_class = "com.example.myscriptclass"
  log_file     = "logs/test"
  enabled      = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `default_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the default severity levels for the logger.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `override_severity` (Set of String) Specifies the override severity levels for the logger based on the category of the messages.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher .
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "groovyScriptedFileBasedErrorLogPublisherId" should be the id of the Groovy Scripted File Based Error Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_groovy_scripted_file_based_error_log_publisher.myGroovyScriptedFileBasedErrorLogPublisher groovyScriptedFileBasedErrorLogPublisherId
```
