---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_group_rest_resource_type Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Group Rest Resource Type.
---

# pingdirectory_group_rest_resource_type (Resource)

Manages a Group Rest Resource Type.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  server_version         = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_group_rest_resource_type" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_group_rest_resource_type" "myGroupRestResourceType" {
  id                          = "MyGroupRestResourceType"
  enabled                     = false
  resource_endpoint           = "endpoint"
  structural_ldap_objectclass = "inetOrgPerson"
  search_base_dn              = "dc=example,dc=com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the REST Resource Type is enabled.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `resource_endpoint` (String) The HTTP addressable endpoint of this REST Resource Type relative to a REST API base URL. Do not include a leading '/'.
- `search_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory where resources of this type are located.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this REST Resource Type.

### Optional

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this REST Resource Type.
- `create_rdn_attribute_type` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the LDAP attribute type to be used as the RDN of new resources.
- `delegated_admin_report_size_limit` (Number) The maximum number of resources that may be included in a report.
- `delegated_admin_search_size_limit` (Number) The maximum number of resources that may be returned from a search request.
- `description` (String) A description for this REST Resource Type
- `display_name` (String) A human readable display name for this REST Resource Type.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this REST Resource Type.
- `members_column_name` (String) Specifies the name of the group member column that will be displayed in the Delegated Admin UI
- `nonmembers_column_name` (String) Specifies the name of the group nonmember column that will be displayed in the Delegated Admin UI
- `parent_dn` (String) Specifies the DN of the parent entry for new resources of this type, when a parent resource is not provided by the app. The parent DN must be at or below the search base of this resource type.
- `parent_resource_type` (String) Specifies the name of another resource type which may be a parent of new resources of this type. The search base DN of the parent resource type must be at or above the search base DN of this resource type.
- `post_create_constructed_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies an attribute whose values are to be constructed when a new resource is created. The values are only set at creation time. Subsequent modifications to attributes in the constructed attribute value-pattern are not propagated here.
- `primary_display_attribute_type` (String) Specifies the name or OID of the LDAP attribute type which is the primary display attribute. This attribute type must be in the search filter pattern and must have a Delegated Admin Attribute definition.
- `relative_dn_from_parent_resource` (String) Specifies a template for a relative DN from the parent resource which identifies the parent entry for a new resource of this type. If this property is not specified then new resources are created immediately below the parent resource or parent DN.
- `search_filter_pattern` (String) Specifies the LDAP filter that should be used when searching for resources matching provided search text. All attribute types in the filter pattern referencing the search text must have a Delegated Admin Attribute definition.
- `update_constructed_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies an attribute whose values are to be constructed when a resource is updated. The constructed values replace any existing values of the attribute.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "groupRestResourceTypeId" should be the id of the Group Rest Resource Type to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_group_rest_resource_type.myGroupRestResourceType groupRestResourceTypeId
```
