---
page_title: "pingdirectory_http_servlet_cross_origin_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Http Servlet Cross Origin Policy"
description: |-
  Manages a Http Servlet Cross Origin Policy.
---

# pingdirectory_http_servlet_cross_origin_policy (Resource)

Manages a Http Servlet Cross Origin Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_http_servlet_cross_origin_policy" "myHttpServletCrossOriginPolicy" {
  name                 = "MyHttpServletCrossOriginPolicy"
  cors_allowed_headers = ["Accept, Access-Control-Request-Headers"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `cors_allow_credentials` (Boolean) Indicates whether the servlet extension allows CORS requests with username/password credentials.
- `cors_allowed_headers` (Set of String) A list of HTTP headers that are supported by the resource and can be specified in a cross-origin request.
- `cors_allowed_methods` (Set of String) A list of HTTP methods allowed for cross-origin access to resources. i.e. one or more of GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.
- `cors_allowed_origins` (Set of String) A list of origins that are allowed to execute cross-origin requests.
- `cors_exposed_headers` (Set of String) A list of HTTP headers other than the simple response headers that browsers are allowed to access.
- `cors_preflight_max_age` (String) The maximum amount of time that a preflight request can be cached by a client.
- `description` (String) A description for this HTTP Servlet Cross Origin Policy
- `type` (String) The type of HTTP Servlet Cross Origin Policy resource. Options are ['http-servlet-cross-origin-policy']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "httpServletCrossOriginPolicyId" should be the name of the Http Servlet Cross Origin Policy to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_http_servlet_cross_origin_policy.myHttpServletCrossOriginPolicy httpServletCrossOriginPolicyId
```

