---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_jdbc_external_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Jdbc External Server.
---

# pingdirectory_jdbc_external_server (Resource)

Manages a Jdbc External Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_jdbc_external_server" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_jdbc_external_server" "myJdbcExternalServer" {
  id               = "MyJdbcExternalServer"
  jdbc_driver_type = "mysql"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `jdbc_driver_type` (String) Specifies a supported database driver type. The driver class will be automatically selected based on this selection. We highly recommend using a JDBC 4 driver that is suitable for the current Java platform.

### Optional

- `database_name` (String) Specifies which database to connect to. This is ignored if jdbc-driver-url is specified.
- `description` (String) A description for this External Server
- `jdbc_connection_properties` (Set of String) Specifies the connection properties for the JDBC datasource.
- `jdbc_driver_url` (String) Specify the complete JDBC URL which will be used instead of the automatic URL format. You must select type 'other' for the jdbc-driver-type.
- `passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the login password for the specified user.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The login password for the specified user name.
- `server_host_name` (String) The host name of the database server. This is ignored if jdbc-driver-url is specified.
- `server_port` (Number) The port number where the database server listens for requests. This is ignored if jdbc-driver-url is specified
- `transaction_isolation_level` (String) This property specifies the default transaction isolation level for connections to this JDBC External Server.
- `user_name` (String) The name of the login account to use when connecting to the database server.
- `validation_query` (String) The SQL query that will be used to validate connections to the database before making them available to the Directory Server.
- `validation_query_timeout` (String) Specifies the amount of time to wait for a response from the database when executing the validation query, if one is set. If the timeout is exceeded, the Directory Server will drop the connection and obtain a new one. A value of zero indicates no timeout.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "jdbcExternalServerId" should be the id of the Jdbc External Server to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_jdbc_external_server.myJdbcExternalServer jdbcExternalServerId
```
