---
page_title: "pingdirectory_jdbc_based_access_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Jdbc Based Access Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_jdbc_based_access_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Jdbc Based Access Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_jdbc_based_access_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_jdbc_based_access_log_publisher" "myJdbcBasedAccessLogPublisher" {
  id                = "MyJdbcBasedAccessLogPublisher"
  server            = "exampleServer"
  log_field_mapping = "Simple JDBC Access Log Field Mappings"
  enabled           = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_field_mapping` (String) The log field mapping associates loggable fields to database column names. The table name is not part of this mapping.
- `server` (String) The JDBC-based Database Server to use for a connection.

### Optional

- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged.
- `correlate_requests_and_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to automatically log result messages for any operation in which the corresponding request was logged. In such cases, the result, entry, and reference criteria will be ignored, although the log-responses, log-search-entries, and log-search-references properties will be honored.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `log_client_certificates` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about any client certificates presented to the server.
- `log_connects` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about connections established to the server.
- `log_disconnects` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about connections that have been closed by the client or terminated by the server.
- `log_intermediate_responses` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client.
- `log_requests` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about requests received from clients.
- `log_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the results of client requests.
- `log_search_entries` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about search result entries sent to the client.
- `log_search_references` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about search result references sent to the client.
- `log_security_negotiation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed.
- `log_table_name` (String) The table name to log entries to the database server.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `search_entry_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of search entry criteria that must match the associated search result entry in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `search_reference_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of search reference criteria that must match the associated search result reference in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `suppress_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users.
- `suppress_replication_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
# "jdbcBasedAccessLogPublisherId" should be the id of the Jdbc Based Access Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_jdbc_based_access_log_publisher.myJdbcBasedAccessLogPublisher jdbcBasedAccessLogPublisherId
```