---
page_title: "pingdirectory_json_attribute_constraints Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Json Attribute Constraints"
description: |-
  Manages a Json Attribute Constraints.
---

# pingdirectory_json_attribute_constraints (Resource)

Manages a Json Attribute Constraints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_json_attribute_constraints" "myJsonAttributeConstraints" {
  attribute_type       = "ubidEntitlement"
  description          = "ubidEntitlement attribute constraint"
  allow_unnamed_fields = false
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_json_attr_constraints)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_type` (String) The name or OID of the LDAP attribute type whose values will be subject to the associated field constraints. This attribute type must be defined in the server schema, and it must have a "JSON object" syntax.

### Optional

- `allow_unnamed_fields` (Boolean) Indicates whether JSON objects stored as values of attributes with the associated attribute-type will be permitted to include fields for which there is no subordinate json-field-constraints definition. If unnamed fields are allowed, then no constraints will be imposed on the values of those fields. However, if unnamed fields are not allowed, then the server will reject any attempt to store a JSON object with a field for which there is no corresponding json-fields-constraints definition.
- `description` (String) A description for this JSON Attribute Constraints
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this JSON Attribute Constraints is enabled.
- `type` (String) The type of JSON Attribute Constraints resource. Options are ['json-attribute-constraints']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "jsonAttributeConstraintsId" should be the attribute_type of the Json Attribute Constraints to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_json_attribute_constraints.myJsonAttributeConstraints jsonAttributeConstraintsId
```

