---
page_title: "pingdirectory_key_manager_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Key Manager Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Key Manager Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_key_manager_provider (Resource)

Manages a Key Manager Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_key_manager_provider" "myKeyManagerProvider" {
  name           = "MyKeyManagerProvider"
  type           = "file-based"
  enabled        = false
  key_store_file = "/tmp/key-store-file"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Key Manager Provider is enabled for use.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Key Manager Provider resource. Options are ['file-based', 'custom', 'pkcs11', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Key Manager Provider
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Key Manager Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Key Manager Provider.
- `key_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the file that contains the private key information. This may be an absolute path, or a path that is relative to the Directory Server instance root.
- `key_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) When the `type` attribute is set to `file-based`: Specifies the PIN needed to access the File Based Key Manager Provider. When the `type` attribute is set to `pkcs11`: Specifies the PIN needed to access the PKCS11 Key Manager Provider.
- `key_store_pin_file` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to `file-based`: Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Key Manager Provider. When the `type` attribute is set to `pkcs11`: Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the PKCS11 Key Manager Provider.
- `key_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) When the `type` attribute is set to `file-based`: The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Key Manager Provider. When the `type` attribute is set to `pkcs11`: The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the PKCS11 Key Manager Provider.
- `key_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the key store file.
- `pkcs11_key_store_type` (String) The key store type to use when obtaining an instance of a key store for interacting with a PKCS #11 token.
- `pkcs11_max_cache_duration` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.1+. The maximum length of time that data retrieved from PKCS #11 tokens may be cached for reuse. Caching might be necessary if there is noticable latency when accessing the token, for example if the token uses a remote key store. A value of zero milliseconds indicates that no caching should be performed.
- `pkcs11_provider_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java security provider class that implements support for interacting with PKCS #11 tokens.
- `pkcs11_provider_configuration_file` (String) The path to the file to use to configure the security provider that implements support for interacting with PKCS #11 tokens.
- `private_key_pin` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Key Manager Provider private key. If no private key PIN is specified the PIN defaults to the key store PIN.
- `private_key_pin_file` (String) Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Key Manager Provider private key. If no private key PIN is specified the PIN defaults to the key store PIN.
- `private_key_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Key Manager Provider private key. If no private key PIN is specified the PIN defaults to the key store PIN.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "keyManagerProviderId" should be the name of the Key Manager Provider to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_key_manager_provider.myKeyManagerProvider keyManagerProviderId
```

