---
page_title: "pingdirectory_ldap_pass_through_authentication_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Pass Through Authentication Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Ldap Pass Through Authentication Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_ldap_pass_through_authentication_handler (Resource)

Manages a Ldap Pass Through Authentication Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_ldap_pass_through_authentication_handler" "myLdapPassThroughAuthenticationHandler" {
  id     = "MyLdapPassThroughAuthenticationHandler"
  server = [pingdirectory_ldap_external_server.myLdapExternalServer.id]
}

resource "pingdirectory_ldap_external_server" "myLdapExternalServer" {
  id                    = "MyLdapExternalServer"
  server_host_name      = "example.com"
  authentication_method = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `server` (Set of String) Specifies the LDAP external server(s) to which authentication attempts should be forwarded.

### Optional

- `bind_dn_pattern` (String) A pattern to use to construct the bind DN for the simple bind request to send to the remote server. This may consist of a combination of static text and attribute values and other directives enclosed in curly braces.  For example, the value "cn={cn},ou=People,dc=example,dc=com" indicates that the remote bind DN should be constructed from the text "cn=" followed by the value of the local entry's cn attribute followed by the text "ou=People,dc=example,dc=com". If an attribute contains the value to use as the bind DN for pass-through authentication, then the pattern may simply be the name of that attribute in curly braces (e.g., if the seeAlso attribute contains the bind DN for the target user, then a bind DN pattern of "{seeAlso}" would be appropriate).  Note that a bind DN pattern can be used to construct a bind DN that is not actually a valid LDAP distinguished name. For example, if authentication is being passed through to a Microsoft Active Directory server, then a bind DN pattern could be used to construct a user principal name (UPN) as an alternative to a distinguished name.
- `description` (String) A description for this Pass Through Authentication Handler
- `dn_map` (Set of String) Specifies one or more DN mappings that may be used to transform bind DNs before attempting to bind to the external servers.
- `initial_connections` (Number) Specifies the initial number of connections to establish to each external server against which authentication may be attempted.
- `max_connections` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of connections to maintain to each external server against which authentication may be attempted. This value must be greater than or equal to the value for the initial-connections property.
- `maximum_allowed_local_response_time` (String) The maximum length of time to wait for a response from an external server in the same location as this Directory Server before considering it unavailable.
- `maximum_allowed_nonlocal_response_time` (String) The maximum length of time to wait for a response from an external server in a different location from this Directory Server before considering it unavailable.
- `search_base_dn` (String) The base DN to use when searching for the user entry using a filter constructed from the pattern defined in the search-filter-pattern property. If no base DN is specified, the null DN will be used as the search base DN.
- `search_filter_pattern` (String) A pattern to use to construct a filter to use when searching an external server for the entry of the user as whom to bind. For example, "(mail={uid:ldapFilterEscape}@example.com)" would construct a search filter to search for a user whose entry in the local server contains a uid attribute whose value appears before "@example.com" in the mail attribute in the external server. Note that the "ldapFilterEscape" modifier should almost always be used with attributes specified in the pattern.
- `server_access_mode` (String) Specifies the manner in which external servers should be used for pass-through authentication attempts if multiple servers are defined.
- `use_location` (Boolean) Indicates whether to take server locations into account when prioritizing the servers to use for pass-through authentication attempts.
- `use_password_policy_control` (Boolean) Indicates whether to include the password policy request control (as defined in draft-behera-ldap-password-policy-10) in bind requests sent to the external server.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "ldapPassThroughAuthenticationHandlerId" should be the id of the Ldap Pass Through Authentication Handler to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_ldap_pass_through_authentication_handler.myLdapPassThroughAuthenticationHandler ldapPassThroughAuthenticationHandlerId
```

