---
page_title: "pingdirectory_ldap_mapped_scim_http_servlet_extension Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Ldap Mapped Scim Http Servlet Extension.
---

# pingdirectory_ldap_mapped_scim_http_servlet_extension (Resource)

Manages a Ldap Mapped Scim Http Servlet Extension.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_ldap_mapped_scim_http_servlet_extension" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_ldap_mapped_scim_http_servlet_extension" "myLdapMappedScimHttpServletExtension" {
  id = "MyLdapMappedScimHttpServletExtension"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `base_context_path` (String) The context path to use to access the SCIM interface. The value must start with a forward slash and must represent a valid HTTP context path.
- `basic_auth_enabled` (Boolean) Enables HTTP Basic authentication, using a username and password.
- `bulk_max_concurrent_requests` (Number) The maximum number of bulk requests that may be processed concurrently by the server. Any bulk request that would cause this limit to be exceeded is rejected with HTTP status code 503.
- `bulk_max_operations` (Number) The maximum number of operations that are permitted in a bulk request.
- `bulk_max_payload_size` (String) The maximum payload size in bytes of a bulk request.
- `correlation_id_response_header` (String) Specifies the name of the HTTP response header that will contain a correlation ID value. Example values are "Correlation-Id", "X-Amzn-Trace-Id", and "X-Request-Id".
- `cross_origin_policy` (String) The cross-origin request policy to use for the HTTP Servlet Extension.
- `debug_enabled` (Boolean) Enables debug logging of the SCIM SDK. Debug messages will be forwarded to the Directory Server debug logger with the scope of com.unboundid.directory.server.extensions.scim.SCIMHTTPServletExtension.
- `debug_level` (String) The minimum debug level that should be used for messages to be logged.
- `debug_type` (Set of String) The types of debug messages that should be logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this HTTP Servlet Extension
- `entity_tag_ldap_attribute` (String) Specifies the LDAP attribute whose value should be used as the entity tag value to enable SCIM resource versioning support.
- `exclude_ldap_base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the base DNs for the branches of the DIT that should not be exposed via the Identity Access API.
- `exclude_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies the LDAP object classes that should be not be exposed directly as SCIM resources.
- `identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the identity mapper that is to be used to match the username included in the HTTP Basic authentication header to the corresponding user in the directory.
- `include_ldap_base_dn` (Set of String) Specifies the base DNs for the branches of the DIT that should be exposed via the Identity Access API.
- `include_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies the LDAP object classes that should be exposed directly as SCIM resources.
- `include_stack_trace` (Boolean) Indicates whether a stack trace of the thread which called the debug method should be included in debug log messages.
- `max_results` (Number) The maximum number of resources that are returned in a response.
- `oauth_token_handler` (String) Specifies the OAuth Token Handler implementation that should be used to validate OAuth 2.0 bearer tokens when they are included in a SCIM request.
- `resource_mapping_file` (String) The path to an XML file defining the resources supported by the SCIM interface and the SCIM-to-LDAP attribute mappings to use.
- `response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for all requests.
- `temporary_directory` (String) Specifies the location of the directory that is used to create temporary files containing SCIM request data.
- `temporary_directory_permissions` (String) Specifies the permissions that should be applied to the directory that is used to create temporary files.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "ldapMappedScimHttpServletExtensionId" should be the id of the Ldap Mapped Scim Http Servlet Extension to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_ldap_mapped_scim_http_servlet_extension.myLdapMappedScimHttpServletExtension ldapMappedScimHttpServletExtensionId
```