---
page_title: "pingdirectory_local_db_index Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Local Db Index"
description: |-
  Manages a Local Db Index.
---

# pingdirectory_local_db_index (Resource)

Manages a Local Db Index.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_local_db_index" "myLocalDbIndex" {
  backend_name = "userRoot"
  attribute    = "dc"
  index_type   = ["equality"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute` (String) Specifies the name of the attribute for which the index is to be maintained.
- `backend_name` (String) Name of the parent Backend
- `index_type` (Set of String) Specifies the type(s) of indexing that should be performed for the associated attribute.

### Optional

- `cache_mode` (String) Specifies the cache mode that should be used when accessing the records in the database for this index. This controls how much database cache memory can be consumed by this index.
- `equality_index_filter` (Set of String) A search filter that may be used in conjunction with an equality component for the associated attribute type. If an equality index filter is defined, then an additional equality index will be maintained for the associated attribute, but only for entries which match the provided filter. Further, the index will be used only for searches containing an equality component with the associated attribute type ANDed with this filter.
- `index_entry_limit` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of entries that are allowed to match a given index key before that particular index key is no longer maintained.
- `maintain_equality_index_without_filter` (Boolean) Indicates whether to maintain a separate equality index for the associated attribute without any filter, in addition to maintaining an index for each equality index filter that is defined. If this is false, then the attribute will not be indexed for equality by itself but only in conjunction with the defined equality index filters.
- `maintain_match_count_for_keys_exceeding_entry_limit` (Boolean) Indicates whether to continue to maintain a count of the number of matching entries for an index key even after that count exceeds the index entry limit.
- `prime_index` (Boolean) If this option is enabled and this index's backend is configured to prime indexes, then this index will be loaded at startup.
- `prime_internal_nodes_only` (Boolean) If this option is enabled and this index's backend is configured to prime indexes using the preload method, then only the internal database nodes (i.e., the database keys but not values) should be primed when the backend is initialized.
- `substring_index_entry_limit` (Number) Specifies, for substring indexes, the maximum number of entries that are allowed to match a given index key before that particular index key is no longer maintained. Setting a large limit can dramatically increase the database size on disk and have a big impact on server performance if the indexed attribute is modified frequently. When a very large limit is required, creating a dedicated composite index with an index-filter-pattern of (attr=*?*) will give the best balance between search and update performance.
- `substring_length` (Number) The length of substrings in a substring index.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder name of this object required by Terraform.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Local Db Index requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_local_db_index.myLocalDbIndex "[backend-name]/[local-db-index-attribute]"
```

