---
page_title: "pingdirectory_local_db_vlv_index Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Local Db Vlv Index"
description: |-
  Manages a Local Db Vlv Index.
---

# pingdirectory_local_db_vlv_index (Resource)

Manages a Local Db Vlv Index.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_local_db_vlv_index" "myLocalDbVlvIndex" {
  backend_name = "userRoot"
  base_dn      = ["dc=example,dc=com"]
  scope        = "base-object"
  filter       = "uid=user.1"
  sort_order   = "givenName"
  name         = "my_example"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_local_db_vlv_indexes)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend_name` (String) Name of the parent Backend
- `base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN used in the search query that is being indexed.
- `filter` (String) Specifies the LDAP filter used in the query that is being indexed.
- `name` (String) Specifies a unique name for this VLV index.
- `scope` (String) Specifies the LDAP scope of the query that is being indexed.
- `sort_order` (String) Specifies the names of the attributes that are used to sort the entries for the query being indexed.

### Optional

- `cache_mode` (String) Specifies the cache mode that should be used when accessing the records in the database for this index.
- `max_block_size` (Number) Specifies the number of entry IDs to store in a single sorted set before it must be split.
- `type` (String) The type of Local DB VLV Index resource. Options are ['local-db-vlv-index']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Local Db Vlv Index requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_local_db_vlv_index.myLocalDbVlvIndex "[backend-name]/[local-db-vlv-index-name]"
```

