---
page_title: "pingdirectory_monitor_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Monitor Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitor Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_monitor_provider (Resource)

Manages a Monitor Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_monitor_provider" "myMonitorProvider" {
  name            = "MyMonitorProvider"
  type            = "third-party"
  description     = "My third party monitor entry resource provider"
  enabled         = false
  extension_class = "com.Example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`memory-usage`, `stack-trace`, `encryption-settings-database-accessibility`, `custom`, `active-operations`, `ssl-context`, `version`, `general`, `disk-space-usage`, `system-info`, `client-connection`, `third-party`]: Indicates whether the Monitor Provider is enabled for use.
  - `host-system`: Indicates whether the Host System Monitor Provider is enabled for use.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Monitor Provider resource. Options are ['memory-usage', 'stack-trace', 'encryption-settings-database-accessibility', 'custom', 'active-operations', 'ssl-context', 'version', 'host-system', 'general', 'disk-space-usage', 'system-info', 'client-connection', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `check_frequency` (String) The frequency with which this monitor provider should confirm the ability to access the server's encryption settings database.
- `description` (String) A description for this Monitor Provider
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Monitor Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Monitor Provider.
- `prolonged_outage_behavior` (String) The behavior that the server should exhibit after a prolonged period of time when the encryption settings database remains unreadable.
- `prolonged_outage_duration` (String) The minimum length of time that an outage should persist before it is considered a prolonged outage. If an outage lasts at least as long as this duration, then the server will take the action indicated by the prolonged-outage-behavior property.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "monitorProviderId" should be the name of the Monitor Provider to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_monitor_provider.myMonitorProvider monitorProviderId
```

