---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_monitor_history_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Monitor History Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_monitor_history_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Monitor History Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Monitor History Plugin. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Monitor History Plugin.
- `log_interval` (String) The duration between logging dumps of cn=monitor to a file.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `retain_files_sparsely_by_age` (Boolean) Retain some older files to give greater perspective on how monitoring information has changed over time.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Monitor History Plugin .
- `sanitize` (Boolean) Server monitoring data can include a small amount of personally identifiable information in the form of LDAP DNs and search filters. Setting this property to true will redact this information from the monitor files. This should only be used when necessary, as it reduces the information available in the archive and can increase the time to find the source of support issues.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


