---
page_title: "pingdirectory_monitoring_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Monitoring Endpoint"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitoring Endpoint.
---

# pingdirectory_monitoring_endpoint (Resource)

Manages a Monitoring Endpoint.

A Monitoring Endpoint defines a destination where server metric data should be sent for monitoring, such as a Splunk indexer or a StatsD daemon.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_monitoring_endpoint" "myMonitoringEndpoint" {
  name     = "MyMonitoringEndpoint"
  hostname = "localhost"
  enabled  = false
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_statsd_monitor_endpoint)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Monitoring Endpoint is enabled for use in the Directory Server.
- `hostname` (String) The name of the host where this StatsD Monitoring Endpoint should send metric data.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `additional_tags` (Set of String) Specifies any optional additional tags to include in StatsD messages. Any additional tags will be appended to the end of each StatsD message, separated by commas. Tags should be written in a [key]:[value] format ("host:server1", for example).
- `connection_type` (String) Specifies the protocol and security that this StatsD Monitoring Endpoint should use to connect to the configured endpoint.
- `server_port` (Number) Specifies the port number of the endpoint where metric data should be sent.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) The trust manager provider to use if SSL over TCP is to be used for connection-level security.
- `type` (String) The type of Monitoring Endpoint resource. Options are ['statsd']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "monitoringEndpointId" should be the name of the Monitoring Endpoint to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_monitoring_endpoint.myMonitoringEndpoint monitoringEndpointId
```

