---
page_title: "pingdirectory_notification_manager Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Notification Manager"
description: |-
  Manages a Notification Manager.
---

# pingdirectory_notification_manager (Resource)

Manages a Notification Manager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_notification_manager" "myNotificationManager" {
  name                 = "MyNotificationManager"
  extension_class      = "com.example.MyClass"
  enabled              = true
  subscription_base_dn = "ou=subscriptionbase,dc=example,dc=com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Notification Manager is enabled within the server.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Notification Manager.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `subscription_base_dn` (String) Specifies the DN of the entry below which subscription data is stored for this Notification Manager. This needs to be in the backend that has the data to be notified on, and must not be the same entry as the backend base DN. The subscription base DN entry does not need to exist as it will be created by the server.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Notification Manager
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Notification Manager. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `monitor_entries_enabled` (Boolean) Enables monitor entries for this Notification Manager.
- `transaction_notification` (String) Specifies how the operations in an external transaction (e.g. a multi-update extended operation or an LDAP transaction) are notified for this Notification Manager.
- `type` (String) The type of Notification Manager resource. Options are ['third-party']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "notificationManagerId" should be the name of the Notification Manager to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_notification_manager.myNotificationManager notificationManagerId
```

