---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_numeric_gauge Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Numeric Gauge.
---

# pingdirectory_numeric_gauge (Resource)

Manages a Numeric Gauge.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  server_version         = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_numeric_gauge" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_numeric_gauge" "myNumericGauge" {
  id                = "MyNumericGauge"
  gauge_data_source = "Active Cleaner Threads (Percent)"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gauge_data_source` (String) Specifies the source of data to use in determining this gauge's current severity.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `alert_level` (String) Specifies the level at which alerts are sent for alarms raised by this Gauge.
- `critical_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'critical'.
- `critical_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'critical'.
- `description` (String) A description for this Gauge
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Gauge is enabled.
- `exclude_resource` (Set of String) Specifies resources to exclude from being monitored.
- `include_resource` (Set of String) Specifies set of resources to be monitored.
- `major_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'major'.
- `major_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'major'.
- `minor_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'minor'.
- `minor_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'minor'.
- `override_severity` (String) When defined, causes this Gauge to assume the specified severity, overriding its computed severity. This is useful for testing alarms generated by Gauges as well as suppressing alarms for known conditions.
- `samples_per_update_interval` (Number) Indicates the number of times the monitor data source value will be collected during the update interval.
- `server_degraded_severity_level` (String) Specifies the alarm severity level at or above which the server is considered degraded.
- `server_unavailable_severity_level` (String) Specifies the alarm severity level at or above which the server is considered unavailable.
- `update_interval` (String) The frequency with which this Gauge is updated.
- `warning_exit_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should no longer be 'warning'.
- `warning_value` (Number) A value that is used to determine whether the current monitored value indicates this gauge's severity should be 'warning'.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "numericGaugeId" should be the id of the Numeric Gauge to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_numeric_gauge.myNumericGauge numericGaugeId
```
