---
page_title: "pingdirectory_oauth_token_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Oauth Token Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Oauth Token Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_oauth_token_handler (Resource)

Manages a Oauth Token Handler.

The OAuth Token Handler is used to support OAuth 2.0 bearer tokens in the SCIM HTTP Servlet Extension. Implementations are created in third-party code using the UnboundID Server SDK.

Since RFC 6750 does not specify the format for the contents of a bearer token, the OAuthTokenHandler API allows us to handle different implementations of the token from different types of Authorization Servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_oauth_token_handler" "myOauthTokenHandler" {
  name         = "MyOauthTokenHandler"
  type         = "groovy-scripted"
  description  = "My groovy scripted OAuth token handler"
  script_class = "com.example"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_enable_oauth_authentication)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of OAuth Token Handler resource. Options are ['groovy-scripted', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this OAuth Token Handler
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party OAuth Token Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party OAuth Token Handler.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted OAuth Token Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted OAuth Token Handler.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "oauthTokenHandlerId" should be the name of the Oauth Token Handler to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_oauth_token_handler.myOauthTokenHandler oauthTokenHandlerId
```

