---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_opendj_external_server Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Opendj External Server.
---

# pingdirectory_opendj_external_server (Resource)

Manages a Opendj External Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_opendj_external_server" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_opendj_external_server" "myOpendjExternalServer" {
  id               = "MyOpendjExternalServer"
  server_host_name = "example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `server_host_name` (String) The host name or IP address of the target LDAP server.

### Optional

- `abandon_on_timeout` (Boolean) Indicates whether to send an abandon request for an operation for which a response timeout is encountered. A request which has timed out on one server may be retried on another server regardless of whether an abandon request is sent, but if the initial attempt is not abandoned then a long-running operation may unnecessarily continue to consume processing resources on the initial server.
- `authentication_method` (String) The mechanism to use to authenticate to the target server.
- `bind_dn` (String) The DN to use to bind to the target LDAP server if simple authentication is required.
- `connect_timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for a connection to be established before giving up and considering the server unavailable.
- `connection_security` (String) The mechanism to use to secure communication with the directory server.
- `defunct_connection_result_code` (Set of String) Specifies the operation result code values that should cause the associated connection should be considered defunct. If an operation fails with one of these result codes, then it will be terminated and an attempt will be made to establish a new connection in its place.
- `description` (String) A description for this External Server
- `health_check_connect_timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for a connection to be established for the purpose of performing a health check. If the connection cannot be established within this length of time, the server will be classified as unavailable.
- `initial_connections` (Number) The number of connections to initially establish to the LDAP external server. A value of zero indicates that the number of connections should be dynamically based on the number of available worker threads. This will be ignored when using a thread-local connection pool.
- `key_manager_provider` (String) The key manager provider to use if SSL or StartTLS is to be used for connection-level security. When specifying a value for this property (except when using the Null key manager provider) you must ensure that the external server trusts this server's public certificate by adding this server's public certificate to the external server's trust store.
- `location` (String) Specifies the location for the LDAP External Server.
- `max_connection_age` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that connections to this server should be allowed to remain established before being closed and replaced with newly-established connections.
- `max_connections` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent connections to maintain for the LDAP external server. A value of zero indicates that the number of connections should be dynamically based on the number of available worker threads. This will be ignored when using a thread-local connection pool.
- `max_response_size` (String) Specifies the maximum response size that should be supported for messages received from the LDAP external server.
- `min_expired_connection_disconnect_interval` (String) Specifies the minimum length of time that should pass between connection closures as a result of the connections being established for longer than the maximum connection age. This may help avoid cases in which a large number of connections are closed and re-established in a short period of time because of the maximum connection age.
- `passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the login password for the specified user.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The login password for the specified user.
- `server_port` (Number) The port number on which the server listens for requests.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) The trust manager provider to use if SSL or StartTLS is to be used for connection-level security.
- `verify_credentials_method` (String) The mechanism to use to verify user credentials while ensuring that the ability to process other operations is not impacted by an alternate authorization identity.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "opendjExternalServerId" should be the id of the Opendj External Server to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_opendj_external_server.myOpendjExternalServer opendjExternalServerId
```
