---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_operation_timing_access_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Operation Timing Access Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_operation_timing_access_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Operation Timing Access Log Publisher.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  server_version         = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_operation_timing_access_log_publisher" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_operation_timing_access_log_publisher" "myOperationTimingAccessLogPublisher" {
  id       = "MyOperationTimingAccessLogPublisher"
  log_file = "logs/myoptiming"
  enabled  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Operation Timing Access Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Operation Timing Access Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously.
- `auto_flush` (Boolean) Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record.
- `buffer_size` (String) Specifies the log file buffer size.
- `compression_mechanism` (String) Specifies the type of compression (if any) to use for log files that are written.
- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `encrypt_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users.
- `encryption_settings_definition_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server's preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The "encryption-settings list" command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server.
- `include_instance_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server.
- `include_product_name` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server.
- `include_requester_dn` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the DN of the authenticated user for the client connection on which the operation was requested.
- `include_requester_ip_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the IP address of the client that requested the operation.
- `include_startup_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted.
- `include_thread_id` (Boolean) Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn=JVM Stack Trace,cn=monitor entry.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Operation Timing Access Log Publisher.
- `log_intermediate_responses` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client.
- `log_security_negotiation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `max_string_length` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of characters that may be included in any string in a log message before that string is truncated and replaced with a placeholder indicating the number of characters that were omitted. This can help prevent extremely long log messages from being written.
- `min_included_operation_processing_time` (String) The minimum processing time (i.e., "etime") for operations that should be logged by this Operation Timing Access Log Publisher
- `min_included_phase_time_nanos` (Number) The minimum length of time in nanoseconds that an operation phase should take before it is included in a log message.
- `queue_size` (Number) The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Operation Timing Access Log Publisher .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Operation Timing Access Log Publisher .
- `sign_log` (Boolean) Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner.
- `suppress_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users.
- `suppress_replication_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed.
- `time_interval` (String) Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "operationTimingAccessLogPublisherId" should be the id of the Operation Timing Access Log Publisher to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_operation_timing_access_log_publisher.myOperationTimingAccessLogPublisher operationTimingAccessLogPublisherId
```
