---
page_title: "pingdirectory_password_generator Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Password Generator"
description: |-
  Manages a Password Generator.
---

# pingdirectory_password_generator (Resource)

Manages a Password Generator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_password_generator" "myPasswordGenerator" {
  name                   = "MyPasswordGenerator"
  type                   = "random"
  password_character_set = ["set:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"]
  password_format        = "set:15"
  enabled                = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Password Generator is enabled for use.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Password Generator resource. Options are ['random', 'groovy-scripted', 'passphrase', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `capitalize_words` (Boolean) Indicates whether to capitalize each word used in the generated password.
- `description` (String) A description for this Password Generator
- `dictionary_file` (String) The path to the dictionary file that will be used to obtain the words for use in generated passwords.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Password Generator. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Password Generator.
- `minimum_password_characters` (Number) The minimum number of characters that generated passwords will be required to have.
- `minimum_password_words` (Number) The minimum number of words that must be concatenated in the course of generating a password.
- `password_character_set` (Set of String) Specifies one or more named character sets.
- `password_format` (String) Specifies the format to use for the generated password.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Password Generator. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Password Generator.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "passwordGeneratorId" should be the name of the Password Generator to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_password_generator.myPasswordGenerator passwordGeneratorId
```

