---
page_title: "pingdirectory_password_validator Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Password Validator"
description: |-
  Manages a Password Validator.
---

# pingdirectory_password_validator (Resource)

Manages a Password Validator.

Password Validators are responsible for determining whether a proposed password is acceptable for use and could include checks like ensuring it meets minimum length requirements, that it has an appropriate range of characters, or that it is not in the history.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_password_validator" "myPasswordValidator" {
  name                = "MyPasswordValidator"
  type                = "length-based"
  min_password_length = 8
  max_password_length = 100
  enabled             = true
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_config_password_validators)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the password validator is enabled for use.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Password Validator resource. Options are ['character-set', 'similarity-based', 'attribute-value', 'custom', 'repeated-characters', 'dictionary', 'haystack', 'utf-8', 'groovy-scripted', 'pwned-passwords', 'disallowed-characters', 'length-based', 'regular-expression', 'unique-characters', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `accept_password_on_service_error` (Boolean) Indicates whether to accept the proposed password if an error occurs while attempting to interact with the Pwned Passwords service.
- `allow_non_ascii_characters` (Boolean) Indicates whether passwords will be allowed to include characters from outside the ASCII character set.
- `allow_unclassified_characters` (Boolean) Indicates whether this password validator allows passwords to contain characters outside of any of the user-defined character sets.
- `allow_unknown_characters` (Boolean) Indicates whether passwords will be allowed to include characters that are not recognized by the JVM's Unicode support.
- `allowed_character_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of character types that are allowed to be present in passwords.
- `alternative_password_character_mapping` (Set of String) Provides a set of character substitutions that can be applied to the proposed password when checking to see if it is in the provided dictionary. Each mapping should consist of a single character followed by a colon and a list of the alternative characters that may be used in place of that character.
- `assumed_password_guesses_per_second` (String) The number of password guesses per second that a potential attacker may be expected to make.
- `case_sensitive_validation` (Boolean) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - One of [`repeated-characters`, `unique-characters`]: Indicates whether this password validator should treat password characters in a case-sensitive manner.
  - `dictionary`: Indicates whether this password validator is to treat password characters in a case-sensitive manner.
- `character_set` (Set of String) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `character-set`: Specifies a character set containing characters that a password may contain and a value indicating the minimum number of characters required from that set.
  - `repeated-characters`: Specifies a set of characters that should be considered equivalent for the purpose of this password validator. This can be used, for example, to ensure that passwords contain no more than three consecutive digits.
- `description` (String) A description for this Password Validator
- `dictionary_file` (String) Specifies the path to the file containing a list of words that cannot be used as passwords.
- `disallowed_characters` (String) A set of characters that will not be allowed anywhere in a password.
- `disallowed_leading_characters` (String) A set of characters that will not be allowed as the first character of the password.
- `disallowed_trailing_characters` (String) A set of characters that will not be allowed as the last character of the password.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Password Validator. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Password Validator.
- `http_connect_timeout` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 10.0.0.0+. The maximum length of time to wait to obtain an HTTP connection.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+. A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Pwned Passwords service.
- `http_response_timeout` (String) Supported in PingDirectory product version 10.0.0.0+. The maximum length of time to wait for a response to an HTTP request.
- `ignore_leading_non_alphabetic_characters` (Boolean) Indicates whether to ignore any digits, symbols, or other non-alphabetic characters that may appear at the beginning of a proposed password.
- `ignore_trailing_non_alphabetic_characters` (Boolean) Indicates whether to ignore any digits, symbols, or other non-alphabetic characters that may appear at the end of a proposed password.
- `invoke_for_add` (Boolean) Indicates whether this password validator should be used to validate clear-text passwords provided in LDAP add requests.
- `invoke_for_admin_reset` (Boolean) Indicates whether this password validator should be used to validate clear-text passwords provided by administrators when changing the password for another user.
- `invoke_for_self_change` (Boolean) Indicates whether this password validator should be used to validate clear-text passwords provided by an end user in the course of changing their own password.
- `key_manager_provider` (String) Specifies which key manager provider should be used to obtain a client certificate to present to the validation server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if communication will not be secured with HTTPS, or if there is no need to present a client certificate to the validation service.
- `match_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the name(s) of the attribute(s) whose values should be checked to determine whether they match the provided password. If no values are provided, then the server checks if the proposed password matches the value of any user attribute in the target user's entry.
- `match_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit if a user's proposed password matches the regular expression defined in the match-pattern property.
- `match_pattern` (String) The regular expression to use for this password validator.
- `max_consecutive_length` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of times that any character can appear consecutively in a password value.
- `max_password_length` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of characters that can be included in a proposed password.
- `maximum_allowed_percent_of_password` (Number) The maximum allowed percent of a proposed password that any single dictionary word is allowed to comprise. A value of 100 indicates that a proposed password will only be rejected if the dictionary contains the entire proposed password (after any configured transformations have been applied).
- `min_password_difference` (Number) Specifies the minimum difference of new and old password.
- `min_password_length` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of characters that must be included in a proposed password.
- `min_unique_characters` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of unique characters that a password will be allowed to contain.
- `minimum_acceptable_time_to_exhaust_search_space` (String) The minimum length of time (using the configured number of password guesses per second) required to exhaust the entire search space for a proposed password in order for that password to be considered acceptable.
- `minimum_attribute_value_length_for_substring_matches` (Number) The minimum length that an attribute value must have for it to be considered when rejecting passwords that contain the value of another attribute as a substring.
- `minimum_required_character_sets` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of character sets that must be represented in a proposed password.
- `pwned_passwords_base_url` (String) The base URL for requests used to interact with the Pwned Passwords service. The first five characters of the hexadecimal representation of the unsalted SHA-1 digest of a proposed password will be appended to this base URL to construct the HTTP GET request used to obtain information about potential matches.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Password Validator. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Password Validator.
- `strip_diacritical_marks` (Boolean) Indicates whether to strip characters of any diacritical marks (like accents, cedillas, circumflexes, diaereses, tildes, and umlauts) they may contain. Any characters with a diacritical mark would be replaced with a base version
- `test_attribute_value_substring_of_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to reject any proposed password in which a value in one of the match attributes in the target user's entry is a substring of that password.
- `test_password_substring_of_attribute_value` (Boolean) Indicates whether to reject any proposed password that is a substring of a value in one of the match attributes in the target user's entry.
- `test_reversed_password` (Boolean) When the `type` attribute is set to:
  - `attribute-value`: Indicates whether to perform matching against the reversed value of the provided password in addition to the order in which it was given.
  - `dictionary`: Indicates whether this password validator is to test the reversed value of the provided password as well as the order in which it was given.
- `trust_manager_provider` (String) Specifies which trust manager provider should be used to determine whether to trust the certificate presented by the server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if HTTPS communication is not needed, or if the validation service presents a certificate that is trusted by the default JVM configuration (which should be the case for the Pwned Password servers).
- `validator_failure_message` (String) Specifies a message that may be provided to the end user in the event that a proposed password is rejected by this validator. If a value is provided for this property, then it will override any failure message that may have otherwise been generated by the validator.
- `validator_requirement_description` (String) Specifies a message that can be used to describe the requirements imposed by this password validator to end users. If a value is provided for this property, then it will override any description that may have otherwise been generated by the validator.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "passwordValidatorId" should be the name of the Password Validator to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_password_validator.myPasswordValidator passwordValidatorId
```

