---
page_title: "pingdirectory_periodic_stats_logger_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Periodic Stats Logger Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_periodic_stats_logger_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Periodic Stats Logger Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_periodic_stats_logger_plugin" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_periodic_stats_logger_plugin" "myPeriodicStatsLoggerPlugin" {
  id       = "MyPeriodicStatsLoggerPlugin"
  log_file = "logs/mystats"
  enabled  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `collection_interval` (String) Some of the calculated statistics, such as the average and maximum queue sizes, can use multiple samples within a log interval. This value controls how often samples are gathered. It should be a multiple of the log-interval.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `empty_instead_of_zero` (Boolean) This property controls whether a value in the output is shown as empty if the value is zero.
- `entry_cache_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for each entry cache.
- `gauge_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for Gauges.
- `header_prefix_per_column` (Boolean) This property controls whether the header prefix, which applies to a group of columns, appears at the start of each column header or only the first column in a group.
- `histogram_format` (String) The format of the data in the processing time histogram.
- `histogram_op_type` (Set of String) Specifies the operation type(s) to use when outputting the response time histogram data. The order of the operations here determines the order of the columns in the output. Use the per-application-ldap-stats setting to further control this.
- `host_info` (Set of String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the host system resource utilization including CPU, memory, disk and network activity.
- `included_ldap_application` (Set of String) If statistics should not be included for all applications, this property names the subset of applications that should be included.
- `included_ldap_stat` (Set of String) Specifies the types of statistics related to LDAP connections and operation processing that should be included in the output.
- `included_resource_stat` (Set of String) Specifies whether statistics related to resource utilization such as JVM memory.
- `ldap_changelog_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for the LDAP changelog.
- `lines_between_header` (Number) The number of lines to log between logging the header line that summarizes the columns in the table.
- `local_db_backend_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the Local DB Backends.
- `log_file_format` (String) Specifies the format to use when logging server statistics.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Periodic Stats Logger Plugin.
- `log_interval` (String) The duration between statistics collection and logging. A new line is logged to the output for each interval. Setting this value too small can have an impact on performance.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `per_application_ldap_stats` (String) Controls whether per application LDAP statistics are included in the output for selected LDAP operation statistics.
- `replication_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about replication.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin .
- `status_summary_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the status summary monitor entry.
- `suppress_if_idle` (Boolean) If the server is idle during the specified interval, then do not log any output if this property is set to true. The server is idle if during the interval, no new connections were established, no operations were processed, and no operations are pending.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "periodicStatsLoggerPluginId" should be the id of the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_periodic_stats_logger_plugin.myPeriodicStatsLoggerPlugin periodicStatsLoggerPluginId
```