---
page_title: "pingdirectory_ping_federate_access_token_validator Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "PingFederate"
description: |-
  Manages a Ping Federate Access Token Validator.
---

# pingdirectory_ping_federate_access_token_validator (Resource)

Manages a Ping Federate Access Token Validator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_ping_federate_access_token_validator" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_ping_federate_access_token_validator" "myPingFederateAccessTokenValidator" {
  id                   = "MyPingFederateAccessTokenValidator"
  client_id            = "my-client-id"
  enabled              = false
  client_secret        = "my-client-secrets"
  authorization_server = "PingOne Auth Service"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The client identifier to use when authenticating to the PingFederate authorization server.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Access Token Validator is enabled for use in Directory Server.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `access_token_manager_id` (String) The Access Token Manager instance ID to specify when calling the PingFederate introspection endpoint. If this property is set the include-aud-parameter property is ignored.
- `authorization_server` (String) Specifies the external server that will be used to aid in validating access tokens. In most cases this will be the Authorization Server that minted the token.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret to use when authenticating to the PingFederate authorization server.
- `client_secret_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider for obtaining the client secret to use when authenticating to the PingFederate authorization server.
- `description` (String) A description for this Access Token Validator
- `endpoint_cache_refresh` (String) How often the Access Token Validator should refresh its stored value of the PingFederate server's token introspection endpoint.
- `evaluation_order_index` (Number) When multiple Ping Federate Access Token Validators are defined for a single Directory Server, this property determines the evaluation order for determining the correct validator class for an access token received by the Directory Server. Values of this property must be unique among all Ping Federate Access Token Validators defined within Directory Server but not necessarily contiguous. Ping Federate Access Token Validators with a smaller value will be evaluated first to determine if they are able to validate the access token.
- `identity_mapper` (String) Specifies the name of the Identity Mapper that should be used for associating user entries with Bearer token subject names. The claim name from which to obtain the subject (i.e. the currently logged-in user) may be configured using the subject-claim-name property.
- `include_aud_parameter` (Boolean) Whether to include the incoming request URL as the "aud" parameter when calling the PingFederate introspection endpoint. This property is ignored if the access-token-manager-id property is set.
- `subject_claim_name` (String) The name of the token claim that contains the subject, i.e. the logged-in user in an access token. This property goes hand-in-hand with the identity-mapper property and tells the Identity Mapper which field to use to look up the user entry on the server.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
# "pingFederateAccessTokenValidatorId" should be the id of the Ping Federate Access Token Validator to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_ping_federate_access_token_validator.myPingFederateAccessTokenValidator pingFederateAccessTokenValidatorId
```