---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_pluggable_pass_through_authentication_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Pluggable Pass Through Authentication Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_pluggable_pass_through_authentication_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Pluggable Pass Through Authentication Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_pluggable_pass_through_authentication_plugin" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_pluggable_pass_through_authentication_plugin" "myPluggablePassThroughAuthenticationPlugin" {
  id                                  = "MyPluggablePassThroughAuthenticationPlugin"
  pass_through_authentication_handler = "MyAuthHandler"
  enabled                             = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `pass_through_authentication_handler` (String) The component used to manage authentication with the external authentication service.

### Optional

- `allow_lax_pass_through_authentication_passwords` (Boolean) Indicates whether to overwrite the user's local password even if the password used to authenticate to the external service would have failed validation if the user attempted to set it directly.
- `connection_criteria` (String) A reference to connection criteria that will be used to indicate which bind requests should be passed through to the external authentication service.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `ignored_password_policy_state_error_condition` (Set of String) A set of password policy state error conditions that should not be enforced when authentication succeeds when attempted in the external service. This option can only be used if try-local-bind is true.
- `included_local_entry_base_dn` (Set of String) The base DNs for the local users whose authentication attempts may be passed through to the external authentication service.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `override_local_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to attempt the authentication in the external service if the local user entry includes a password. This property will be ignored if try-local-bind is false.
- `request_criteria` (String) A reference to request criteria that will be used to indicate which bind requests should be passed through to the external authentication service.
- `try_local_bind` (Boolean) Indicates whether to attempt the bind in the local server first and only send the request to the external authentication service if the local bind attempt fails, or to only attempt the bind in the external service.
- `update_local_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to overwrite the user's local password if the local bind fails but the authentication attempt succeeds when attempted in the external service. This property may only be set to true if try-local-bind is also true.
- `update_local_password_dn` (String) The DN of the authorization identity that will be used when updating the user's local password if update-local-password is true. This is primarily intended for use if the Data Sync Server will be used to synchronize passwords between the local server and the external service, and in that case, the DN used here should also be added to the ignore-changes-by-dn property in the appropriate Sync Source object in the Data Sync Server configuration.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "pluggablePassThroughAuthenticationPluginId" should be the id of the Pluggable Pass Through Authentication Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_pluggable_pass_through_authentication_plugin.myPluggablePassThroughAuthenticationPlugin pluggablePassThroughAuthenticationPluginId
```
