---
page_title: "pingdirectory_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Plugin"
description: |-
  Manages a Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_default_plugin" "myPlugin" {
  name    = "MyPlugin"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of Plugin resource. Options are ['last-access-time', 'stats-collector', 'internal-search-rate', 'modifiable-password-policy-state', 'seven-bit-clean', 'clean-up-expired-pingfederate-persistent-access-grants', 'periodic-gc', 'ping-one-pass-through-authentication', 'changelog-password-encryption', 'processing-time-histogram', 'search-shutdown', 'periodic-stats-logger', 'purge-expired-data', 'change-subscription-notification', 'sub-operation-timing', 'third-party', 'encrypt-attribute-values', 'pass-through-authentication', 'dn-mapper', 'monitor-history', 'referral-on-update', 'simple-to-external-bind', 'custom', 'snmp-subagent', 'coalesce-modifications', 'password-policy-import', 'profiler', 'clean-up-inactive-pingfederate-persistent-sessions', 'composed-attribute', 'ldap-result-code-tracker', 'attribute-mapper', 'delay', 'clean-up-expired-pingfederate-persistent-sessions', 'groovy-scripted', 'last-mod', 'pluggable-pass-through-authentication', 'referential-integrity', 'unique-attribute']

### Optional

- `additional_user_mapping_scim_filter` (String) An optional SCIM filter that will be ANDed with the filter created to identify the account in the PingOne service that corresponds to the local entry. Only the "eq", "sw", "and", and "or" filter types may be used.
- `agentx_address` (String) The hostname or IP address of the SNMP master agent.
- `agentx_port` (Number) The port number on which the SNMP master agent will be contacted.
- `allow_lax_pass_through_authentication_passwords` (Boolean) Indicates whether to overwrite the user's local password even if the password used to authenticate to the PingOne service would have failed validation if the user attempted to set it directly.
- `allowed_request_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OIDs of the controls that are allowed to be present in operations to coalesce. These controls are passed through when the request is validated, but they will not be included when the background thread applies the coalesced modify requests.
- `always_map_responses` (Boolean) Indicates whether DNs in response messages containing the target DN should always be remapped back to the source DN. If this is "false", then mapping will be performed for a response message only if one or more elements of the associated request are mapped. Otherwise, the mapping will be performed for all responses regardless of whether the mapping was applied to the request.
- `api_url` (String) Specifies the API endpoint for the PingOne web service.
- `append` (Boolean) Specifies whether to append to existing log files.
- `attribute_type` (Set of String) Specifies the name or OID of an attribute type for which values should be checked to ensure that they are 7-bit clean.
- `auth_url` (String) Specifies the API endpoint for the PingOne authentication service.
- `base_dn` (Set of String) A base DN that may be used to identify entries that should support the ds-pwp-modifiable-state-json operational attribute.
- `bind_dn_pattern` (String) A pattern to use to construct the bind DN for the simple bind request to send to the remote server. This may consist of a combination of static text and attribute values and other directives enclosed in curly braces.  For example, the value "cn={cn},ou=People,dc=example,dc=com" indicates that the remote bind DN should be constructed from the text "cn=" followed by the value of the local entry's cn attribute followed by the text "ou=People,dc=example,dc=com". If an attribute contains the value to use as the bind DN for pass-through authentication, then the pattern may simply be the name of that attribute in curly braces (e.g., if the seeAlso attribute contains the bind DN for the target user, then a bind DN pattern of "{seeAlso}" would be appropriate).  Note that a bind DN pattern can be used to construct a bind DN that is not actually a valid LDAP distinguished name. For example, if authentication is being passed through to a Microsoft Active Directory server, then a bind DN pattern could be used to construct a user principal name (UPN) as an alternative to a distinguished name.
- `collection_interval` (String) Some of the calculated statistics, such as the average and maximum queue sizes, can use multiple samples within a log interval. This value controls how often samples are gathered, and setting this value too small can have an adverse impact on performance.
- `connect_retry_max_wait` (String) The maximum amount of time to wait between attempts to establish a connection to the master agent.
- `connection_criteria` (String) A reference to connection criteria that will be used to indicate which bind requests should be passed through to the PingOne service.
- `context_name` (String) The SNMP context name for this sub-agent. The context name must not be longer than 30 ASCII characters. Each server in a topology must have a unique SNMP context name.
- `custom_datetime_format` (String) When the datetime-format property is configured with a value of "custom", this specifies the format (using a string compatible with the java.text.SimpleDateFormat class) that will be used to search for expired data.
- `custom_timezone` (String) Specifies the time zone to use when generating a date string using the configured custom-datetime-format value. The provided value must be accepted by java.util.TimeZone.getTimeZone.
- `datetime_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute that determines when data should be deleted. This could store the expiration time, or it could store the creation time and the expiration-offset property specifies the duration before data is deleted.
- `datetime_format` (String) Specifies the format of the datetime stored within the entry that determines when data should be purged.
- `datetime_json_field` (String) The top-level JSON field within the configured datetime-attribute that determines when data should be deleted. This could store the expiration time, or it could store the creation time and the expiration-offset property specifies the duration before data is deleted.
- `delay` (String) The delay to inject for operations matching the associated criteria.
- `delay_after_alert` (String) Specifies the length of time that the Directory Server should wait after sending the "force-gc-starting" administrative alert before actually invoking the garbage collection processing.
- `delay_post_gc` (String) Specifies the length of time that the Directory Server should wait after successfully completing the garbage collection processing, before removing the "force-gc-starting" administrative alert, which marks the server as unavailable.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `dn_map` (Set of String) Specifies one or more DN mappings that may be used to transform bind DNs before attempting to bind to the external servers.
- `empty_instead_of_zero` (Boolean) This property controls whether a value in the output is shown as empty if the value is zero.
- `enable_attribute_mapping` (Boolean) Indicates whether DN mapping should be applied to the values of attributes with appropriate syntaxes.
- `enable_control_mapping` (Boolean) Indicates whether DN mapping should be applied to DNs that may be present in specific controls. DN mapping will only be applied for control types which are specifically supported by the DN mapper plugin.
- `entry_cache_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for each entry cache.
- `environment_id` (String) Specifies the PingOne Environment that will be associated with this PingOne Pass Through Authentication Plugin.
- `exclude_base_dn` (Set of String) The set of base DNs below which composed values will not be generated.
- `exclude_filter` (Set of String) The set of search filters that identify entries for which composed values will not be generated.
- `expiration_offset` (String) The duration to wait after the value specified in datetime-attribute (and optionally datetime-json-field) before purging the data.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Plugin. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Plugin.
- `filter` (Set of String) A filter that may be used to identify entries that should support the ds-pwp-modifiable-state-json operational attribute.
- `filter_prefix` (String) Specifies a prefix which will be used in front of the randomly-selected numeric value in all search filters used. If no upper bound is defined, then this should contain the entire filter string.
- `filter_suffix` (String) Specifies a suffix which will be used after of the randomly-selected numeric value in all search filters used. If no upper bound is defined, then this should be omitted.
- `gauge_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for Gauges.
- `header_prefix_per_column` (Boolean) This property controls whether the header prefix, which applies to a group of columns, appears at the start of each column header or only the first column in a group.
- `histogram_format` (String) The format of the data in the processing time histogram.
- `histogram_op_type` (Set of String) Specifies the operation type(s) to use when outputting the response time histogram data. The order of the operations here determines the order of the columns in the output. Use the per-application-ldap-stats setting to further control this.
- `host_info` (Set of String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the host system resource utilization including CPU, memory, disk and network activity.
- `http_proxy_external_server` (String) A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the PingOne service. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
- `ignored_password_policy_state_error_condition` (Set of String) A set of password policy state error conditions that should not be enforced when authentication succeeds when attempted in the PingOne service. This option can only be used if try-local-bind is true.
- `include_attribute` (Set of String) The name of an attribute that should be included in the results. This may include any token which is allowed as a requested attribute in search requests, including the name of an attribute, an asterisk (to indicate all user attributes), a plus sign (to indicate all operational attributes), an object class name preceded with an at symbol (to indicate all attributes associated with that object class), an attribute name preceded by a caret (to indicate that attribute should be excluded), or an object class name preceded by a caret and an at symbol (to indicate that all attributes associated with that object class should be excluded).
- `include_base_dn` (Set of String) The set of base DNs below which composed values may be generated.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of search filters that identify entries for which composed values may be generated.
- `included_ldap_application` (Set of String) If statistics should not be included for all applications, this property names the subset of applications that should be included.
- `included_ldap_stat` (Set of String) Specifies the types of statistics related to LDAP connections and operation processing that should be included in the output.
- `included_local_entry_base_dn` (Set of String) The base DNs for the local users whose authentication attempts may be passed through to the PingOne service.
- `included_resource_stat` (Set of String) Specifies whether statistics related to resource utilization such as JVM memory.
- `initial_connections` (Number) Specifies the initial number of connections to establish to each external server against which authentication may be attempted.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `invoke_gc_day_of_week` (Set of String) Specifies the days of the week which the Periodic GC Plugin should run. If no values are provided, then the plugin will run every day at the specified time.
- `invoke_gc_time_utc` (Set of String) Specifies the times of the day at which garbage collection may be explicitly invoked. The times should be specified in "HH:MM" format, with "HH" as a two-digit numeric value between 00 and 23 representing the hour of the day, and MM as a two-digit numeric value between 00 and 59 representing the minute of the hour. All times will be interpreted in the UTC time zone.
- `ldap_changelog_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include for the LDAP changelog.
- `lines_between_header` (Number) The number of lines to log between logging the header line that summarizes the columns in the table.
- `local_db_backend_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the Local DB Backends.
- `log_file` (String) The file name to use for the log files generated by the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path.
- `log_file_format` (String) Specifies the format to use when logging server statistics.
- `log_file_permissions` (String) The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Periodic Stats Logger Plugin.
- `log_interval` (String) The duration between statistics collection and logging. A new line is logged to the output for each interval. Setting this value too small can have an impact on performance.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `lower_bound` (Number) Specifies the lower bound for the numeric value which will be inserted into the search filter.
- `map_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies a set of specific attributes for which DN mapping should be applied. This will only be applicable if the enable-attribute-mapping property has a value of "true". Any attributes listed must be defined in the server schema with either the distinguished name syntax or the name and optional UID syntax.
- `max_connections` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of connections to maintain to each external server against which authentication may be attempted. This value must be greater than or equal to the value for the initial-connections property.
- `max_updates_per_second` (Number) This setting smooths out the performance impact on the server by throttling the purging to the specified maximum number of updates per second. To avoid a large backlog, this value should be set comfortably above the average rate that expired data is generated. When purge-behavior is set to subtree-delete-entries, then deletion of the entire subtree is considered a single update for the purposes of throttling.
- `multi_valued_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for source attributes that have multiple values.
- `multiple_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit if multiple attribute types are specified.
- `multiple_value_pattern_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit if the plugin is configured with multiple value patterns.
- `num_delete_threads` (Number) The number of threads used to delete expired entries.
- `num_most_expensive_phases_shown` (Number) This controls how many of the most expensive phases are included per operation type in the monitor entry.
- `num_threads` (Number) Specifies the number of concurrent threads that should be used to process the search operations.
- `num_worker_threads` (Number) The number of worker threads to use to handle SNMP requests.
- `oauth_client_id` (String) Specifies the OAuth Client ID used to authenticate connections to the PingOne API.
- `oauth_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the OAuth Client Secret used to authenticate connections to the PingOne API.
- `oauth_client_secret_passphrase_provider` (String) Specifies a passphrase provider that can be used to obtain the OAuth Client Secret used to authenticate connections to the PingOne API.
- `output_file` (String) The path of an LDIF file that should be created with the results of the search.
- `override_local_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to attempt the authentication in the PingOne service if the local user entry includes a password. This property will only be used if try-local-bind is true.
- `pass_through_authentication_handler` (String) The component used to manage authentication with the external authentication service.
- `peer_server_priority_index` (Number) In a replicated environment, this determines the order in which peer servers should attempt to purge data.
- `per_application_ldap_stats` (String) Controls whether per application LDAP statistics are included in the output for selected LDAP operation statistics.
- `ping_interval` (String) The amount of time between consecutive pings sent by the sub-agent on its connection to the master agent. A value of zero disables the sending of pings by the sub-agent.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.
- `polling_interval` (String) This specifies how often the plugin should check for expired data. It also controls the offset of peer servers (see the peer-server-priority-index for more information).
- `prevent_conflicts_with_soft_deleted_entries` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Unique Attribute Plugin should reject a change that would result in one or more conflicts, even if those conflicts only exist in soft-deleted entries.
- `previous_file_extension` (String) An extension that should be appended to the name of an existing output file rather than deleting it. If a file already exists with the full previous file name, then it will be deleted before the current file is renamed to become the previous file.
- `purge_behavior` (String) Specifies whether to delete expired entries or attribute values. By default entries are deleted.
- `referral_base_url` (Set of String) Specifies the base URL to use for the referrals generated by this plugin. It should include only the scheme, address, and port to use to communicate with the target server (e.g., "ldap://server.example.com:389/").
- `replication_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about replication.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that may be used to indicate whether to apply access time updates for the associated operation.
- `retention_policy` (Set of String) The retention policy to use for the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin .
- `rotation_listener` (Set of String) A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service.
- `rotation_policy` (Set of String) The rotation policy to use for the Periodic Stats Logger Plugin .
- `scope` (String) The scope to use for the search.
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Plugin. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Plugin.
- `search_base_dn` (String) The base DN to use when searching for the user entry using a filter constructed from the pattern defined in the search-filter-pattern property. If no base DN is specified, the null DN will be used as the search base DN.
- `search_filter_pattern` (String) A pattern to use to construct a filter to use when searching an external server for the entry of the user as whom to bind. For example, "(mail={uid:ldapFilterEscape}@example.com)" would construct a search filter to search for a user whose entry in the local server contains a uid attribute whose value appears before "@example.com" in the mail attribute in the external server. Note that the "ldapFilterEscape" modifier should almost always be used with attributes specified in the pattern.
- `server` (Set of String) Specifies the LDAP external server(s) to which authentication attempts should be forwarded.
- `server_access_mode` (String) Specifies the manner in which external servers should be used for pass-through authentication attempts if multiple servers are defined.
- `session_timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum amount of time to wait for a session to the master agent to be established.
- `source_attribute` (String) Specifies the source attribute type that may appear in client requests which should be remapped to the target attribute. Note that the source attribute type must be defined in the server schema and must not be equal to the target attribute type.
- `source_attribute_removal_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify and modify DN operations that update an entry to remove source attributes in such a way that this plugin would no longer generate any composed values for that entry.
- `source_dn` (String) Specifies the source DN that may appear in client requests which should be remapped to the target DN. Note that the source DN must not be equal to the target DN.
- `status_summary_info` (String) Specifies the level of detail to include about the status summary monitor entry.
- `suppress_if_idle` (Boolean) If the server is idle during the specified interval, then do not log any output if this property is set to true. The server is idle if during the interval, no new connections were established, no operations were processed, and no operations are pending.
- `target_attribute` (String) Specifies the target attribute type to which the source attribute type should be mapped. Note that the target attribute type must be defined in the server schema and must not be equal to the source attribute type.
- `target_attribute_exists_during_initial_population_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit if the target attribute exists when initially populating the entry with composed values (whether during an LDIF import, an add operation, or an invocation of the populate composed attribute values task).
- `target_dn` (String) Specifies the DN to which the source DN should be mapped. Note that the target DN must not be equal to the source DN.
- `try_local_bind` (Boolean) Indicates whether to attempt the bind in the local server first, or to only send it to the PingOne service.
- `type` (Set of String) Specifies the type of attributes to check for value uniqueness.
- `update_interval` (String) Specifies the interval in seconds when referential integrity updates are made.
- `update_local_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to overwrite the user's local password if the local bind fails but the authentication attempt succeeds when attempted in the PingOne service.
- `update_local_password_dn` (String) This is the DN of the user that will be used to overwrite the user's local password if update-local-password is set. The DN put here should be added to 'ignore-changes-by-dn' in the appropriate Sync Source.
- `update_source_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify and modify DN operations that update one or more of the source attributes used in any of the value patterns.
- `update_target_attribute_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify and modify DN operations that attempt to update the set of values for the target attribute.
- `updated_entry_newly_matches_criteria_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify or modify DN operations that update an entry that previously did not satisfy either the base DN or filter criteria, but now do satisfy that criteria.
- `updated_entry_no_longer_matches_criteria_behavior` (String) The behavior to exhibit for modify or modify DN operations that update an entry that previously satisfied the base DN and filter criteria, but now no longer satisfies that criteria.
- `upper_bound` (Number) Specifies the upper bound for the numeric value which will be inserted into the search filter.
- `user_mapping_local_attribute` (Set of String) The names of the attributes in the local user entry whose values must match the values of the corresponding fields in the PingOne service.
- `user_mapping_remote_json_field` (Set of String) The names of the fields in the PingOne service whose values must match the values of the corresponding attributes in the local user entry, as specified in the user-mapping-local-attribute property.
- `value_pattern` (Set of String) Specifies a pattern for constructing the values to use for the target attribute type.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "pluginId" should be the name of the Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_plugin.myPlugin pluginId
```

