---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_processing_time_histogram_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Processing Time Histogram Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_processing_time_histogram_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Processing Time Histogram Plugin.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `histogram_category_boundary` (Set of String) Specifies the boundary values that will be used to separate the processing times into categories. Values should be specified as durations, and all values must be greater than zero.
- `include_queue_time` (Boolean) Indicates whether operation processing times should include the time spent waiting on the work queue. This will only be available if the work queue is configured to monitor the queue time.
- `invoke_for_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in should be invoked for internal operations.
- `plugin_type` (Set of String) Specifies the set of plug-in types for the plug-in, which specifies the times at which the plug-in is invoked.
- `separate_monitor_entry_per_tracked_application` (Boolean) When enabled, separate monitor entries will be included for each application defined in the Global Configuration's tracked-application property.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


