---
page_title: "pingdirectory_prometheus_monitor_attribute_metric Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric"
description: |-
  Manages a Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.
---

# pingdirectory_prometheus_monitor_attribute_metric (Resource)

Manages a Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric. Supported in PingDirectory product version 9.2.0.0+.

Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metrics provide a way of publishing the value of a monitor attribute as a Prometheus metric.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_prometheus_monitor_attribute_metric" "myPrometheusMonitorAttributeMetric" {
  http_servlet_extension_name = "Prometheus Monitoring"
  metric_name                 = "mymetric"
  monitor_attribute_name      = "max-queue-size"
  monitor_object_class_name   = "ds-unboundid-work-queue-monitor-entry"
  metric_type                 = "numeric"
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_ds_enable_prometheus_support)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http_servlet_extension_name` (String) Name of the parent HTTP Servlet Extension
- `metric_name` (String) The name that will be used in the metric to be consumed by Prometheus.
- `metric_type` (String) The metric type that should be used for the value of the specified monitor attribute.
- `monitor_attribute_name` (String) The name of the monitor attribute that contains the numeric value to be published.
- `monitor_object_class_name` (String) The name of the object class for monitor entries that contain the monitor attribute.

### Optional

- `filter` (String) A filter that may be used to restrict the set of monitor entries for which the metric should be generated.
- `label_name_value_pair` (Set of String) A set of name-value pairs for labels that should be included in the published metric for the target attribute.
- `metric_description` (String) A human-readable description that should be published as part of the metric definition.
- `type` (String) The type of Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric resource. Options are ['prometheus-monitor-attribute-metric']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Prometheus Monitor Attribute Metric requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_prometheus_monitor_attribute_metric.myPrometheusMonitorAttributeMetric "[http-servlet-extension-name]/[prometheus-monitor-attribute-metric-metric-name]"
```

