---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_prometheus_monitoring_http_servlet_extension Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Prometheus Monitoring Http Servlet Extension. Supported in PingDirectory version 9.2.0.0+
---

# pingdirectory_prometheus_monitoring_http_servlet_extension (Resource)

Manages a Prometheus Monitoring Http Servlet Extension. Supported in PingDirectory version 9.2.0.0+

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  server_version         = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_prometheus_monitoring_http_servlet_extension" "myPrometheusMonitoringHttpServletExtension" {
  id = "MyPrometheusMonitoringHttpServletExtension"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `always_include_monitor_entry_name_label` (Boolean) Indicates whether generated metrics should always include a "monitor_entry" label whose value is the name of the monitor entry from which the metric was obtained.
- `base_context_path` (String) Specifies the base context path that HTTP clients should use to access this servlet. The value must start with a forward slash and must represent a valid HTTP context path.
- `correlation_id_response_header` (String) Specifies the name of the HTTP response header that will contain a correlation ID value. Example values are "Correlation-Id", "X-Amzn-Trace-Id", and "X-Request-Id".
- `cross_origin_policy` (String) The cross-origin request policy to use for the HTTP Servlet Extension.
- `description` (String) A description for this HTTP Servlet Extension
- `include_instance_name_label` (Boolean) Indicates whether generated metrics should include an "instance" label whose value is the instance name for this Directory Server instance.
- `include_location_name_label` (Boolean) Indicates whether generated metrics should include a "location" label whose value is the location name for this Directory Server instance.
- `include_monitor_attribute_name_label` (Boolean) Indicates whether generated metrics should include a "monitor_attribute" label whose value is the name of the monitor attribute from which the metric was obtained.
- `include_monitor_object_class_name_label` (Boolean) Indicates whether generated metrics should include a "monitor_object_class" label whose value is the name of the object class for the monitor entry from which the metric was obtained.
- `include_product_name_label` (Boolean) Indicates whether generated metrics should include a "product" label whose value is the product name for this Directory Server instance.
- `label_name_value_pair` (Set of String) A set of name-value pairs for labels that should be included in all metrics exposed by this Directory Server instance.
- `response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for all requests.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "prometheusMonitoringHttpServletExtensionId" should be the id of the Prometheus Monitoring Http Servlet Extension to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_prometheus_monitoring_http_servlet_extension.myPrometheusMonitoringHttpServletExtension prometheusMonitoringHttpServletExtensionId
```
