---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_purge_expired_data_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Purge Expired Data Plugin.
---

# pingdirectory_purge_expired_data_plugin (Resource)

Manages a Purge Expired Data Plugin.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

resource "pingdirectory_purge_expired_data_plugin" "myPurgeExpiredDataPlugin" {
  id                 = "MyPurgeExpiredDataPlugin"
  datetime_attribute = "time"
  expiration_offset  = "1 h"
  enabled            = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datetime_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute that determines when data should be deleted. This could store the expiration time, or it could store the creation time and the expiration-offset property specifies the duration before data is deleted.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the plug-in is enabled for use.
- `expiration_offset` (String) The duration to wait after the value specified in datetime-attribute (and optionally datetime-json-field) before purging the data.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `base_dn` (String) Only entries located within the subtree specified by this base DN are eligible for purging.
- `custom_datetime_format` (String) When the datetime-format property is configured with a value of "custom", this specifies the format (using a string compatible with the java.text.SimpleDateFormat class) that will be used to search for expired data.
- `custom_timezone` (String) Specifies the time zone to use when generating a date string using the configured custom-datetime-format value. The provided value must be accepted by java.util.TimeZone.getTimeZone.
- `datetime_format` (String) Specifies the format of the datetime stored within the entry that determines when data should be purged.
- `datetime_json_field` (String) The top-level JSON field within the configured datetime-attribute that determines when data should be deleted. This could store the expiration time, or it could store the creation time and the expiration-offset property specifies the duration before data is deleted.
- `description` (String) A description for this Plugin
- `filter` (String) Only entries that match this LDAP filter will be eligible for having data purged.
- `max_updates_per_second` (Number) This setting smooths out the performance impact on the server by throttling the purging to the specified maximum number of updates per second. To avoid a large backlog, this value should be set comfortably above the average rate that expired data is generated. When purge-behavior is set to subtree-delete-entries, then deletion of the entire subtree is considered a single update for the purposes of throttling.
- `num_delete_threads` (Number) The number of threads used to delete expired entries.
- `peer_server_priority_index` (Number) In a replicated environment, this determines the order in which peer servers should attempt to purge data.
- `polling_interval` (String) This specifies how often the plugin should check for expired data. It also controls the offset of peer servers (see the peer-server-priority-index for more information).
- `purge_behavior` (String) Specifies whether to delete expired entries or attribute values. By default entries are deleted.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "purgeExpiredDataPluginId" should be the id of the Purge Expired Data Plugin to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_purge_expired_data_plugin.myPurgeExpiredDataPlugin purgeExpiredDataPluginId
```
