---
page_title: "pingdirectory_recurring_task_chain Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Recurring Task Chain"
description: |-
  Manages a Recurring Task Chain.
---

# pingdirectory_recurring_task_chain (Resource)

Manages a Recurring Task Chain.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_recurring_task_chain" "myRecurringTaskChain" {
  id                            = "MyRecurringTaskChain"
  recurring_task                = ["Export All Non-Administrative Backends"]
  scheduled_date_selection_type = "every-day"
  scheduled_time_of_day         = ["10:00", "11:00"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `recurring_task` (Set of String) The set of recurring tasks that make up this chain. At least one value must be provided. If multiple values are given, then the task instances will be invoked in the order in which they are listed.
- `scheduled_date_selection_type` (String) The mechanism used to determine the dates on which instances of this Recurring Task Chain may be scheduled to start.
- `scheduled_time_of_day` (Set of String) The time of day at which instances of the Recurring Task Chain should be eligible to start running. Values should be in the format HH:MM (where HH is a two-digit representation of the hour of the day, between 00 and 23, inclusive), and MM is a two-digit representation of the minute of the hour (between 00 and 59, inclusive). Alternately, the value can be in the form *:MM, which indicates that the task should be eligible to start at the specified minute of every hour. At least one value must be provided, but multiple values may be given to indicate multiple start times within the same day.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task Chain
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Recurring Task Chain is enabled for use. Recurring Task Chains that are disabled will not have any new instances scheduled, but instances that are already scheduled will be preserved. Those instances may be manually canceled if desired.
- `interrupted_by_shutdown_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if it is shut down or abnormally terminated while an instance of this Recurring Task Chain is running.
- `scheduled_day_of_the_month` (Set of String) The specific days of the month on which instances of this Recurring Task Chain may be scheduled to start. If the scheduled-day-selection-type property has a value of selected-days-of-the-month, then this property must have one or more values; otherwise, it must be left undefined.
- `scheduled_day_of_the_week` (Set of String) The specific days of the week on which instances of this Recurring Task Chain may be scheduled to start. If the scheduled-day-selection-type property has a value of selected-days-of-the-week, then this property must have one or more values; otherwise, it must be left undefined.
- `scheduled_month` (Set of String) The months of the year in which instances of this Recurring Task Chain may be scheduled to start.
- `server_offline_at_start_time_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if it is offline when the start time arrives for the tasks in this Recurring Task Chain.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone that will be used to interpret the scheduled-time-of-day values. If no value is provided, then the JVM's default time zone will be used.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "recurringTaskChainId" should be the id of the Recurring Task Chain to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_recurring_task_chain.myRecurringTaskChain recurringTaskChainId
```

