---
page_title: "pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Replication Assurance Policy"
description: |-
  Manages a Replication Assurance Policy.
---

# pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy (Resource)

Manages a Replication Assurance Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy" "myReplicationAssurancePolicy" {
  name                   = "MyReplicationAssurancePolicy"
  description            = "My replication assurance policy"
  evaluation_order_index = 3
  timeout                = "3 s"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `evaluation_order_index` (Number) When multiple Replication Assurance Policies are defined, this property determines the evaluation order for finding a Replication Assurance Policy match against an operation. Policies are evaluated based on this index from least to greatest. Values of this property must be unique but not necessarily contiguous.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `timeout` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time to wait for the replication assurance requirements to be met before timing out and replying to the client.

### Optional

- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a connection criteria used to indicate which operations from clients matching this criteria use this policy. If both a connection criteria and a request criteria are specified for a policy, then both must match an operation for the policy to be assigned.
- `description` (String) Description of the Replication Assurance Policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Replication Assurance Policy is enabled for use in the server. If a Replication Assurance Policy is disabled, then no new operations will be associated with it.
- `local_level` (String) Specifies the assurance level used to replicate to local servers. A local server is defined as one with the same value for the location setting in the global configuration.  The local-level must be set to an assurance level at least as strict as the remote-level. In other words, if remote-level is set to "received-any-remote-location" or "received-all-remote-locations", then local-level must be either "received-any-server" or "processed-all-servers". If remote-level is "processed-all-remote-servers", then local-level must be "processed-all-servers".
- `remote_level` (String) Specifies the assurance level used to replicate to remote servers. A remote server is defined as one with a different value for the location setting in the global configuration.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a request criteria used to indicate which operations from clients matching this criteria use this policy. If both a connection criteria and a request criteria are specified for a policy, then both must match an operation for the policy to be assigned.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "replicationAssurancePolicyId" should be the id of the Replication Assurance Policy to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_replication_assurance_policy.myReplicationAssurancePolicy replicationAssurancePolicyId
```

