---
page_title: "pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Sasl Mechanism Handler"
description: |-
  Manages a Sasl Mechanism Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler (Resource)

Manages a Sasl Mechanism Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler" "mySaslMechanismHandler" {
  name            = "MySaslMechanismHandler"
  type            = "unboundid-ms-chap-v2"
  identity_mapper = "Exact Match"
  enabled         = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of SASL Mechanism Handler resource. Options are ['unboundid-ms-chap-v2', 'unboundid-totp', 'unboundid-yubikey-otp', 'external', 'digest-md5', 'plain', 'unboundid-delivered-otp', 'unboundid-external-auth', 'anonymous', 'cram-md5', 'oauth-bearer', 'unboundid-certificate-plus-password', 'gssapi', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `access_token_validator` (Set of String) An access token validator that will ensure that each presented OAuth access token is authentic and trustworthy. It must be configured with an identity mapper that will be used to map the access token to a local entry.
- `all_required_scope` (Set of String) The set of OAuth scopes that will all be required for any access tokens that will be allowed for authentication.
- `alternate_authorization_identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that will be used to map an alternate authorization identity (provided in the GS2 header of the encoded OAUTHBEARER bind request credentials) to the corresponding local entry.
- `any_required_scope` (Set of String) The set of OAuth scopes that a token may have to be allowed for authentication.
- `description` (String) A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler.
- `id_token_validator` (Set of String) An ID token validator that will ensure that each presented OpenID Connect ID token is authentic and trustworthy, and that will map the token to a local entry.
- `identity_mapper` (String) The identity mapper that should be used to identify the entry associated with the username provided in the bind request.
- `otp_validity_duration` (String) The maximum length of time that a one-time password value should be considered valid.
- `require_both_access_token_and_id_token` (Boolean) Indicates whether bind requests will be required to have both an OAuth access token (in the "auth" element of the bind request) and an OpenID Connect ID token (in the "pingidentityidtoken" element of the bind request).
- `server_fqdn` (String) Specifies the DNS-resolvable fully-qualified domain name for the server that is used when validating the digest-uri parameter during the authentication process.
- `validate_access_token_when_id_token_is_also_provided` (String) Indicates whether to validate the OAuth access token in addition to the OpenID Connect ID token in OAUTHBEARER bind requests that contain both types of tokens.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "saslMechanismHandlerId" should be the id of the Sasl Mechanism Handler to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_sasl_mechanism_handler.mySaslMechanismHandler saslMechanismHandlerId
```

