---
page_title: "pingdirectory_scim_attribute_mapping Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Scim Attribute Mapping"
description: |-
  Manages a Scim Attribute Mapping.
---

# pingdirectory_scim_attribute_mapping (Resource)

Manages a Scim Attribute Mapping.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_scim_attribute_mapping" "myScimAttributeMapping" {
  name                         = "MyScimAttributeMapping"
  scim_resource_type_name      = "MyScimResourceType"
  scim_resource_type_attribute = "name"
  ldap_attribute               = "name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ldap_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute to be mapped, or the path to a specific field of an LDAP attribute with the JSON object attribute syntax.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `scim_resource_type_attribute` (String) The attribute path of SCIM Resource Type attributes to be mapped.
- `scim_resource_type_name` (String) Name of the parent SCIM Resource Type

### Optional

- `authoritative` (Boolean) Specifies that the mapping is authoritative over other mappings for the same SCIM Resource Type attribute (for read operations).
- `correlated_ldap_data_view` (String) The Correlated LDAP Data View that persists the mapped SCIM Resource Type attribute(s).
- `readable` (Boolean) Specifies whether the mapping is used to map from LDAP attribute to SCIM Resource Type attribute in a read operation.
- `searchable` (Boolean) Specifies that the mapping is used to map from SCIM Resource Type attribute to LDAP attribute in a search filter.
- `type` (String) The type of SCIM Attribute Mapping resource. Options are ['scim-attribute-mapping']
- `writable` (Boolean) Specifies that the mapping is used to map from SCIM Resource Type attribute to LDAP attribute in a write operation.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Scim Attribute Mapping requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_scim_attribute_mapping.myScimAttributeMapping "[scim-resource-type-name]/[scim-attribute-mapping-name]"
```

