---
page_title: "pingdirectory_scim_subattribute Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Scim Subattribute"
description: |-
  Manages a Scim Subattribute.
---

# pingdirectory_scim_subattribute (Resource)

Manages a Scim Subattribute.

A sub-attribute of a complex attribute. A complex attribute requires at least one sub-attribute.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_scim_schema" "myScimSchema" {
  schema_urn = "urn:com:example"
}

resource "pingdirectory_scim_attribute" "myScimAttribute" {
  scim_schema_name = pingdirectory_scim_schema.myScimSchema.schema_urn
  name             = "cn"
}

resource "pingdirectory_scim_subattribute" "myScimSubattribute" {
  name                = "MyScimSubattribute"
  scim_attribute_name = pingdirectory_scim_attribute.myScimAttribute.name
  scim_schema_name    = pingdirectory_scim_schema.myScimSchema.schema_urn
}
```

## Documentation
See the [PingDirectory documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/r/en-us/pingdirectory-93/pd_proxy_config_ldap_mapped_scim_resource_type)

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `scim_attribute_name` (String) Name of the parent SCIM Attribute
- `scim_schema_name` (String) Name of the parent SCIM Schema

### Optional

- `canonical_value` (Set of String) Specifies the suggested canonical type values for the sub-attribute.
- `case_exact` (Boolean) Specifies whether the sub-attribute values are case sensitive.
- `description` (String) A description for this SCIM Subattribute
- `multi_valued` (Boolean) Specifies whether this attribute may have multiple values.
- `mutability` (String) Specifies the circumstances under which the values of the sub-attribute can be written.
- `reference_type` (Set of String) Specifies the SCIM resource types that may be referenced. This property is only applicable for sub-attributes that are of type 'reference'. Valid values are: A SCIM resource type (e.g., 'User' or 'Group'), 'external' - indicating the resource is an external resource (e.g., such as a photo), or 'uri' - indicating that the reference is to a service endpoint or an identifier (such as a schema urn).
- `required` (Boolean) Specifies whether this sub-attribute is required.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of SCIM Subattribute resource. Options are ['scim-subattribute']
- `returned` (String) Specifies the circumstances under which the values of the sub-attribute are returned in response to a request.
- `type` (String) Specifies the data type for this sub-attribute.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Scim Subattribute requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_scim_subattribute.myScimSubattribute "[scim-schema-name]/[scim-attribute-name]/[scim-subattribute-name]"
```

