---
page_title: "pingdirectory_scim_resource_type Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Scim Resource Type"
description: |-
  Manages a Scim Resource Type.
---

# pingdirectory_scim_resource_type (Resource)

Manages a Scim Resource Type.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_scim_resource_type" "myScimResourceType" {
  id       = "MyScimResourceType"
  type     = "ldap-pass-through"
  enabled  = false
  endpoint = "myendpoint"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the SCIM Resource Type is enabled.
- `endpoint` (String) The HTTP addressable endpoint of this SCIM Resource Type relative to the '/scim/v2' base URL. Do not include a leading '/'.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `type` (String) The type of SCIM Resource Type resource. Options are ['ldap-pass-through', 'ldap-mapping']

### Optional

- `auxiliary_ldap_objectclass` (Set of String) Specifies an auxiliary LDAP object class that should be exposed by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `core_schema` (String) The core schema enforced on core attributes at the top level of a SCIM resource representation exposed by thisMapping SCIM Resource Type.
- `create_dn_pattern` (String) Specifies the template to use for the DN when creating new entries.
- `description` (String) A description for this SCIM Resource Type
- `include_base_dn` (String) Specifies the base DN of the branch of the LDAP directory that can be accessed by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `include_filter` (Set of String) The set of LDAP filters that define the LDAP entries that should be included in this SCIM Resource Type.
- `include_operational_attribute` (Set of String) Specifies the set of operational LDAP attributes to be provided by this SCIM Resource Type.
- `lookthrough_limit` (Number) The maximum number of resources that the SCIM Resource Type should "look through" in the course of processing a search request.
- `optional_schema_extension` (Set of String) Optional additive schemas that are enforced on extension attributes in a SCIM resource representation for this Mapping SCIM Resource Type.
- `required_schema_extension` (Set of String) Required additive schemas that are enforced on extension attributes in a SCIM resource representation for this Mapping SCIM Resource Type.
- `schema_checking_option` (Set of String) Options to alter the way schema checking is performed during create or modify requests.
- `structural_ldap_objectclass` (String) Specifies the LDAP structural object class that should be exposed by this SCIM Resource Type.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "scimResourceTypeId" should be the id of the Scim Resource Type to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_scim_resource_type.myScimResourceType scimResourceTypeId
```

