---
page_title: "pingdirectory_search_reference_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Search Reference Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Search Reference Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_search_reference_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Search Reference Criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_search_reference_criteria" "mySearchReferenceCriteria" {
  id   = "MySearchReferenceCriteria"
  type = "simple"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `type` (String) The type of Search Reference Criteria resource. Options are ['simple', 'aggregate', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `all_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that must be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must contain all of those controls.
- `all_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that must match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more all-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must match all of them in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `any_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that may be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must contain at least one of those controls.
- `any_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that may match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more any-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must match at least one of them in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `description` (String) A description for this Search Reference Criteria
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Search Reference Criteria. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Search Reference Criteria.
- `none_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that must not be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must not contain any of those controls.
- `none_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that must not match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more none-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must not match any of them in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `not_all_included_reference_control` (Set of String) Specifies the OID of a control that should not be present in search result references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria. If any control OIDs are provided, then the reference must not contain at least one of those controls (that is, it may contain zero or more of those controls, but not all of them).
- `not_all_included_search_reference_criteria` (Set of String) Specifies a search reference criteria object that should not match the associated search result reference in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria. If one or more not-all-included search reference criteria objects are provided, then a search result reference must not match all of them (that is, it may match zero or more of them, but it must not match all of them) in order to match the aggregate search reference criteria.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a request criteria object that must match the associated request for references included in this Simple Search Reference Criteria.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "searchReferenceCriteriaId" should be the id of the Search Reference Criteria to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_search_reference_criteria.mySearchReferenceCriteria searchReferenceCriteriaId
```

