---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_smtp_account_status_notification_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Smtp Account Status Notification Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_smtp_account_status_notification_handler (Resource)

Manages a Smtp Account Status Notification Handler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      source = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
}

resource "pingdirectory_smtp_account_status_notification_handler" "mySmtpAccountStatusNotificationHandler" {
  id                                    = "MySmtpAccountStatusNotificationHandler"
  send_message_without_end_user_address = false
  recipient_address                     = ["test@example.com", "users@example.com"]
  sender_address                        = "unboundid-notifications@example.com"
  message_subject                       = ["account-disabled:Your directory account has been disabled"]
  message_template_file                 = ["account-disabled:config/messages/account-disabled.template"]
  enabled                               = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Account Status Notification Handler is enabled. Only enabled handlers are invoked whenever a related event occurs in the server.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `message_subject` (Set of String) Specifies the subject that should be used for email messages generated by this account status notification handler.
- `message_template_file` (Set of String) Specifies the path to the file containing the message template to generate the email notification messages.
- `send_message_without_end_user_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether an email notification message should be generated and sent to the set of notification recipients even if the user entry does not contain any values for any of the email address attributes (that is, in cases when it is not possible to notify the end user).
- `sender_address` (String) Specifies the email address from which the message is sent. Note that this does not necessarily have to be a legitimate email address.

### Optional

- `account_creation_notification_request_criteria` (String) A request criteria object that identifies which add requests should result in account creation notifications for this handler.
- `account_update_notification_request_criteria` (String) A request criteria object that identifies which modify and modify DN requests should result in account update notifications for this handler.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this Account Status Notification Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver a message) will not delay processing for the operation that triggered the notification.
- `description` (String) A description for this Account Status Notification Handler
- `email_address_attribute_type` (Set of String) Specifies which attribute in the user's entries may be used to obtain the email address when notifying the end user.
- `email_address_json_field` (String) The name of the JSON field whose value is the email address to which the message should be sent. The email address must be contained in a top-level field whose value is a single string.
- `email_address_json_object_filter` (String) A JSON object filter that may be used to identify which email address value to use when sending the message.
- `recipient_address` (Set of String) Specifies an email address to which notification messages are sent, either instead of or in addition to the end user for whom the notification has been generated.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "smtpAccountStatusNotificationHandlerId" should be the id of the Smtp Account Status Notification Handler to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_smtp_account_status_notification_handler smtpAccountStatusNotificationHandlerId
```
