---
page_title: "pingdirectory_soft_delete_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Soft Delete Policy"
description: |-
  Manages a Soft Delete Policy.
---

# pingdirectory_soft_delete_policy (Resource)

Manages a Soft Delete Policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_soft_delete_policy" "mySoftDeletePolicy" {
  name        = "MySoftDeletePolicy"
  description = "My soft delete policy"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `auto_soft_delete_connection_criteria` (String) Connection criteria used to automatically identify a delete operation for processing as a soft delete request.
- `auto_soft_delete_request_criteria` (String) Request criteria used to automatically identify a delete operation for processing as a soft delete request.
- `description` (String) A description for this Soft Delete Policy
- `soft_delete_retain_number_of_entries` (Number) Specifies the number of soft deleted entries to retain before the oldest entries are purged.
- `soft_delete_retention_time` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that soft delete entries are retained before they are eligible to purged automatically.
- `type` (String) The type of Soft Delete Policy resource. Options are ['soft-delete-policy']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "softDeletePolicyId" should be the name of the Soft Delete Policy to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_soft_delete_policy.mySoftDeletePolicy softDeletePolicyId
```

