---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_statically_defined_recurring_task Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Statically Defined Recurring Task.
---

# pingdirectory_statically_defined_recurring_task (Resource)

Manages a Statically Defined Recurring Task.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

# Use "pingdirectory_default_statically_defined_recurring_task" if you are adopting existing configuration from the PingDirectory server into Terraform
resource "pingdirectory_statically_defined_recurring_task" "myStaticallyDefinedRecurringTask" {
  id                = "MyStaticallyDefinedRecurringTask"
  task_java_class   = "com.example.mytaskclass"
  task_object_class = "inetOrgPerson"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `task_java_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class that provides the logic for the task to be invoked.
- `task_object_class` (Set of String) The names or OIDs of the object classes to include in the tasks that are scheduled from this Statically Defined Recurring Task. All object classes must be defined in the server schema, and the combination of object classes must be valid for a task entry.

### Optional

- `alert_on_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully.
- `alert_on_start` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running.
- `alert_on_success` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should generate an administrative alert whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully.
- `cancel_on_task_dependency_failure` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance of this Recurring Task should be canceled if the task immediately before it in the recurring task chain fails to complete successfully (including if it is canceled by an administrator before it starts or while it is running).
- `description` (String) A description for this Recurring Task
- `email_on_failure` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent if an instance of this Recurring Task fails to complete successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_start` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task starts running. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `email_on_success` (Set of String) The email addresses to which a message should be sent whenever an instance of this Recurring Task completes successfully. If this option is used, then at least one smtp-server must be configured in the global configuration.
- `task_attribute_value` (Set of String) The set of attribute values that should be included in the tasks that are scheduled from this Statically Defined Recurring Task. Each value must be in the form {attribute-type}={value}, where {attribute-type} is the name or OID of an attribute type that is defined in the schema and permitted with the configured set of object classes, and {value} is a value to assign to an attribute with that type. A multivalued attribute can be created by providing multiple name-value pairs with the same name and different values.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "staticallyDefinedRecurringTaskId" should be the id of the Statically Defined Recurring Task to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_statically_defined_recurring_task.myStaticallyDefinedRecurringTask staticallyDefinedRecurringTaskId
```
