---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_third_party_account_status_notification_handler Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party Account Status Notification Handler.
---

# pingdirectory_third_party_account_status_notification_handler (Resource)

Manages a Third Party Account Status Notification Handler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Account Status Notification Handler is enabled. Only enabled handlers are invoked whenever a related event occurs in the server.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Account Status Notification Handler.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `account_creation_notification_request_criteria` (String) A request criteria object that identifies which add requests should result in account creation notifications for this handler.
- `account_update_notification_request_criteria` (String) A request criteria object that identifies which modify and modify DN requests should result in account update notifications for this handler.
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Indicates whether the server should attempt to invoke this Account Status Notification Handler in a background thread so that any potentially-expensive processing (e.g., performing network communication to deliver a message) will not delay processing for the operation that triggered the notification.
- `description` (String) A description for this Account Status Notification Handler
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Account Status Notification Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


