---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingdirectory_third_party_access_log_publisher Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Third Party Access Log Publisher.
---

# pingdirectory_third_party_access_log_publisher (Resource)

Manages a Third Party Access Log Publisher.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Access Log Publisher.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.

### Optional

- `connection_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged.
- `correlate_requests_and_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to automatically log result messages for any operation in which the corresponding request was logged. In such cases, the result, entry, and reference criteria will be ignored, although the log-responses, log-search-entries, and log-search-references properties will be honored.
- `description` (String) A description for this Log Publisher
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Access Log Publisher. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `log_client_certificates` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about any client certificates presented to the server.
- `log_connects` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about connections established to the server.
- `log_disconnects` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about connections that have been closed by the client or terminated by the server.
- `log_intermediate_responses` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client.
- `log_requests` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about requests received from clients.
- `log_results` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the results of client requests.
- `log_search_entries` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about search result entries sent to the client.
- `log_search_references` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about search result references sent to the client.
- `log_security_negotiation` (Boolean) Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed.
- `logging_error_behavior` (String) Specifies the behavior that the server should exhibit if an error occurs during logging processing.
- `request_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `result_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `search_entry_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of search entry criteria that must match the associated search result entry in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `search_reference_criteria` (String) Specifies a set of search reference criteria that must match the associated search result reference in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher.
- `suppress_internal_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users.
- `suppress_replication_operations` (Boolean) Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)


