---
page_title: "pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Trust Manager Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Trust Manager Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider (Resource)

Manages a Trust Manager Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider" "myTrustManagerProvider" {
  id      = "MyTrustManagerProvider"
  type    = "blind"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicate whether the Trust Manager Provider is enabled for use.
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `type` (String) The type of Trust Manager Provider resource. Options are ['blind', 'file-based', 'jvm-default', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Trust Manager Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Trust Manager Provider.
- `include_jvm_default_issuers` (Boolean) Indicates whether certificates issued by an authority included in the JVM's set of default issuers should be automatically trusted, even if they would not otherwise be trusted by this provider.
- `trust_store_file` (String) Specifies the path to the file containing the trust information. It can be an absolute path or a path that is relative to the Directory Server instance root.
- `trust_store_pin` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_file` (String) Specifies the path to the text file whose only contents should be a single line containing the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_pin_passphrase_provider` (String) The passphrase provider to use to obtain the clear-text PIN needed to access the File Based Trust Manager Provider.
- `trust_store_type` (String) Specifies the format for the data in the trust store file.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "trustManagerProviderId" should be the id of the Trust Manager Provider to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_trust_manager_provider.myTrustManagerProvider trustManagerProviderId
```

