---
page_title: "pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Uncached Entry Criteria"
description: |-
  Manages a Uncached Entry Criteria.
---

# pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria (Resource)

Manages a Uncached Entry Criteria.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.3.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria" "myUncachedEntryCriteria" {
  name    = "MyUncachedEntryCriteria"
  type    = "default"
  enabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Uncached Entry Criteria is enabled for use in the server.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Uncached Entry Criteria resource. Options are ['default', 'last-access-time', 'filter-based', 'groovy-scripted', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `access_time_threshold` (String) Specifies the maximum length of time that has passed since an entry was last accessed that it should still be included in the id2entry database. Entries that have not been accessed in more than this length of time may be written into the uncached-id2entry database.
- `description` (String) A description for this Uncached Entry Criteria
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Uncached Entry Criteria. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Uncached Entry Criteria.
- `filter` (String) Specifies the search filter that should be used to differentiate entries into cached and uncached sets.
- `filter_identifies_uncached_entries` (Boolean) Indicates whether the associated filter identifies those entries which should be stored in the uncached-id2entry database (if true) or entries which should be stored in the id2entry database (if false).
- `script_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Uncached Entry Criteria. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `script_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Uncached Entry Criteria.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "uncachedEntryCriteriaId" should be the name of the Uncached Entry Criteria to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_uncached_entry_criteria.myUncachedEntryCriteria uncachedEntryCriteriaId
```

