---
page_title: "pingdirectory_velocity_template_loader Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Velocity Template Loader"
description: |-
  Manages a Velocity Template Loader.
---

# pingdirectory_velocity_template_loader (Resource)

Manages a Velocity Template Loader.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_velocity_template_loader" "myVelocityTemplateLoader" {
  name                        = "MyVelocityTemplateLoader"
  evaluation_order_index      = 10100
  http_servlet_extension_name = "Velocity"
  mime_type_matcher           = "text/html"
  template_suffix             = ".vm"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http_servlet_extension_name` (String) Name of the parent HTTP Servlet Extension
- `mime_type_matcher` (String) Specifies a media type for matching Accept request-header values.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Velocity Template Loader is enabled.
- `evaluation_order_index` (Number) This property determines the evaluation order for determining the correct Velocity Template Loader to load a template for generating content for a particular request.
- `mime_type` (String) Specifies a the value that will be used in the response's Content-Type header that indicates the type of content to return.
- `template_directory` (String) Specifies the directory in which to search for the template files.
- `template_suffix` (String) Specifies the suffix to append to the requested resource name when searching for the template file with which to form a response.
- `type` (String) The type of Velocity Template Loader resource. Options are ['velocity-template-loader']

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Velocity Template Loader requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_velocity_template_loader.myVelocityTemplateLoader "[http-servlet-extension-name]/[velocity-template-loader-name]"
```

