---
page_title: "pingdirectory_velocity_context_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Velocity Context Provider"
description: |-
  Manages a Velocity Context Provider.
---

# pingdirectory_velocity_context_provider (Resource)

Manages a Velocity Context Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_version = ">=1.1"
  required_providers {
    pingdirectory = {
      version = "~> 0.3.0"
      source  = "pingidentity/pingdirectory"
    }
  }
}

provider "pingdirectory" {
  username   = "cn=administrator"
  password   = "2FederateM0re"
  https_host = "https://localhost:1443"
  # Warning: The insecure_trust_all_tls attribute configures the provider to trust any certificate presented by the PingDirectory server.
  # It should not be used in production. If you need to specify trusted CA certificates, use the
  # ca_certificate_pem_files attribute to point to any number of trusted CA certificate files
  # in PEM format. If you do not specify certificates, the host's default root CA set will be used.
  # Example:
  # ca_certificate_pem_files = ["/example/path/to/cacert1.pem", "/example/path/to/cacert2.pem"]
  insecure_trust_all_tls = true
  product_version        = "9.2.0.0"
}

resource "pingdirectory_velocity_context_provider" "myVelocityContextProvider" {
  id                          = "MyVelocityContextProvider"
  http_servlet_extension_name = "Velocity"
  type                        = "velocity-tools"
  included_view               = ["path/to/view1", "path/to/view2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http_servlet_extension_name` (String) Name of the parent HTTP Servlet Extension
- `id` (String) Name of this object.
- `type` (String) The type of Velocity Context Provider resource. Options are ['velocity-tools', 'custom', 'third-party']

### Optional

- `application_tool` (Set of String) The fully-qualified name of a Velocity Tool class that will be initialized once for the life of the server. May optionally include a path to a properties file used to configure this tool separated from the class name by a semi-colon (;). The path may absolute or relative to the server root.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Velocity Context Provider is enabled. If set to 'false' this Velocity Context Provider will not contribute context content for any requests.
- `excluded_view` (Set of String) The name of a view for which this Velocity Context Provider will not contribute content.
- `extension_argument` (Set of String) The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Velocity Context Provider. Each configuration property should be given in the form 'name=value'.
- `extension_class` (String) The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Velocity Context Provider.
- `http_method` (Set of String) Specifies the set of HTTP methods handled by this Velocity Context Provider, which will perform actions necessary to fulfill the request before updating the context for the response. The values of this property are not case-sensitive.
- `included_view` (Set of String) The name of a view for which this Velocity Context Provider will contribute content.
- `object_scope` (String) Scope for context objects contributed by this Velocity Context Provider. Must be either 'request' or 'session' or 'application'.
- `request_tool` (Set of String) The fully-qualified name of a Velocity Tool class that will be initialized for each request. May optionally include a path to a properties file used to configure this tool separated from the class name by a semi-colon (;). The path may absolute or relative to the server root.
- `response_header` (Set of String) Specifies HTTP header fields and values added to response headers for template page requests to which this Velocity Context Provider contributes content.
- `session_tool` (Set of String) The fully-qualified name of a Velocity Tool class that will be initialized for each session. May optionally include a path to a properties file used to configure this tool separated from the class name by a semi-colon (;). The path may absolute or relative to the server root.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Importing a Velocity Context Provider requires providing the name of all parent resources in the following format
terraform import pingdirectory_velocity_context_provider.myVelocityContextProvider "[http-servlet-extension-name]/[velocity-context-provider-name]"
```

