---
page_title: "pingdirectory_web_application_extension Resource - terraform-provider-pingdirectory"
subcategory: "Web Application Extension"
description: |-
  Manages a Web Application Extension.
---

# pingdirectory_web_application_extension (Resource)

Manages a Web Application Extension.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingdirectory_web_application_extension" "myWebApplicationExtension" {
  name                    = "MyWebApplicationExtension"
  type                    = "generic"
  base_context_path       = "/myexamplepath"
  document_root_directory = "/my/directory/path"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_context_path` (String) Specifies the base context path that should be used by HTTP clients to reference content. The value must start with a forward slash and at least one additional character and must represent a valid HTTP context path.
- `name` (String) Name of this config object.
- `type` (String) The type of Web Application Extension resource. Options are ['console', 'generic']

### Optional

- `deployment_descriptor_file` (String) Specifies the path to the deployment descriptor file when used with document-root-directory.
- `description` (String) A description for this Web Application Extension
- `document_root_directory` (String) Specifies the path to the directory on the local filesystem containing the files to be served by this Web Application Extension. The path must exist, and it must be a directory.
- `init_parameter` (Set of String) Specifies an initialization parameter to pass into the web application during startup.
- `temporary_directory` (String) Specifies the path to the directory that may be used to store temporary files such as extracted WAR files and compiled JSP files.
- `war_file` (String) Specifies the path to a standard web application archive (WAR) file.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of this resource.
- `notifications` (Set of String) Notifications returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API.
- `required_actions` (Set of Object) Required actions returned by the PingDirectory Configuration API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--required_actions))

<a id="nestedatt--required_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `required_actions`

Read-Only:

- `property` (String)
- `synopsis` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# "webApplicationExtensionId" should be the name of the Web Application Extension to be imported
terraform import pingdirectory_web_application_extension.myWebApplicationExtension webApplicationExtensionId
```

